 prefects two are in love in the same class and they make a lot of  noise when in class ,they even go to the toilet together A girl says she has four girls and they are her friends and classmates.They all have boyfriends .They usually ask her why she doesn't have and she tells them she doesn't but instead they force her to have one Teachers are in love in the same school some teachers  are seducing girls in school Girls do not want to be caned the buttocks when they are in period, they are feeling much  pain There is a girl who is complaining not to be caned on the buttocks There is a girl who is living with her aunt and she brought her a boy to have relationship but the girl is not interested A girl is having a friend who used to be so proud of herself and did not respect her friends and boys liked touching her in front of her fellow but now she is pregnant Faith put on indecently and met some boys when she going to the shop and the boys started touching her on the breast I used to go to buy milk every evening around 7:00 and then I noticed a boy was stalking me . I ignored it the first day . second day he was trying to talk to me and touch me and then I tried to run away.But third day he came with his friend and they both caught me and touched me but then I screamed and bite one of them and then the ran away. some boys called some two girls when they were from school and they refused and they started abusing them a girl's cousin is telling her to look for men a girl is living with the her ant and brought her an old man to have sex with her teacher are in love teachers are kissing in front of pupils Teachers are kissing each other  in front of pupils Teachers are in relationship and kissing and touching each other in front of pupils I went to a food joint with my friends in the evening. Outside, a man indecent exposed himself to me. A man was masturbating while looking at me A boy was showing off his private parts A man was showing off his private part in the park. day there was a guy peeing in the corner of the dead-end, when he heard the dog bark at him, he quickly turned towards our direction and flashed. I hurriedly took my dog and went back home. While walking back I could hear him making crude comments. i was walking back home from the metro station and a boy flashed at me. An old man on a scooter, standing at a junction and exposing himself to all passing by. An old man started showing me his penis while I was waiting for my friend. A middle aged man was showing me and my friend his private part A man was just showing his private part A man started masturbating finding me and my friend alone. Man was showing his private part. A rickshaw puller started masturbating after seeing me alone and he was staring at me He is working in call centre.  So when ladies employer have complained about male customers talking indecently and sexually with giving sexual invitation. In spite that they sensing uncomfortableness by the ladies in their conversation. Yet, they called at times for not business. When they brought to his noticed about this happening he asked them direct such calls to him. So he can take some action against user. She was getting down from the katraj bus. One old man purposely slap on her breast and pressed it and shouted on her. Due to my pain I couldn't control myself. She was going home by bus from pune corporation. At that time one guy who was seating her behind hold her with his hand and groped her. He leaved me when I was shouted on him. One of his friend did not no about the sex. He was immature. Some people of college purposely show him porn videos. They verbally abused him so much. They molest him also. One of his friends did not about the sex. He was immature. Some people of college purposely show him porn videos. They verbally abused him so much. They molest him also. he was going through street. At the same time girls were walking through street. Some boys came with their bikes towards the girls. Some chitchat happened with them. After that girls were scared and ran away from the place. A man was touching his private parts while looking g at a girl.  And that made me really uncomfortable I was in an auto and a man sitting beside me was continuously elbowing me at my bust. He even pinched me. Experienced Masturbation A 20 year old female student subjected to indecent exposure and catcalling near her college. A female student being harassed through indecent exposure. The person regularly faces catcalls hence feels the location isnt safe. But she was also groped and faced indecent exposure. Henceforth she avoids wearing certain type of clothing. the person was showing genitalia Indecent exposure when it was early in the morning the individual faced the trauma of indecent exposure and Stalking Middle aged man on activa flashed a girl after asking for directions to a nearby landmark. me ghar ke kaam se bhar nikal ti hu to ek ladka mujhe daekh kar git gaata hai During the night of 3rd November, 2017, man was seen grappling on to the burglar proofing of an exterior apartment window to spy on an unsuspecting female tenant situated inside. The man was found to be masturbating at the end of the walkway shortly after. indecent exposure stalking and indecent exposure of private part Reported touching, groping, catcalls and indecent exposure reported catcalls,facial expressions and indecent exposures I have seen this beautifully site being tarnished by the activities of public indecency. This place makes me shrink and is very scary. This is the area that was described as yes for sexual harassment near Jai Hind College and Government Law College, near Churchgate Station. No specifics given. na Sexually assaulting Masturbating in public a man was peeing on the bridge in daylight in view of everyone a man was standing in the middle of the road masturbating Witnessed an obscene incident today where a man at the entrance of the palladium building was masterbating in public. The law broken comes under Section 294b. This incident has been reported before but no action seems to taken as no security personnel was present there. In 2015 there used to be a transgender who was working in mmcc boy's hostel.  There were group of notorious students who would ask him to go to their room and then ask him to get naked and would demand to entertain them. It was at the peak where he left the work when he was asked by those boys to give them a blowjob. This is what he noticed while working in a restaurant where there were waitresses employed.  The customers would try talking to them indecently and touch them inappropriately. One of his group member were handicap. Some of his other friends teases him. They called him &quot;Chakka&quot;. They purposely teasing him and disturbing his study. They abuse him sexually. Sometimes they beat him.  Because of this, his friend get frustrated and leave the pune. One boy frequently called her. He requested her to met him at once. After that she and her friend went to met him at  Z Bridge. That guy asked her about friendship. He tried to force her for it. He tried to gave her cadboury too. She didn't take it.  She returned to the hostel. After that he message her frequently. Sometimes he follow her. Mean while she changed her mobile number. She was coming library at 9 am. One man asked her about the time. Same time he was doing masterbusion. I was scared. I ignored it and went away. Guy behind tree wanking toward the road mid-afternoon by the UWI car-park opposite the Catholic Church. Everyday in Makinde street, sexual harassment, sexual invites, commenting, catcalls, occur. Little children also are victims. I have heard of rape issues at this spot. One of the reasons is lack of street light. So the harassers hide in the dark to commit this evil. A group of random strangers were staring at my friend in a bad way Exposición indecente del aparato reproductor de sexo masculino I was walking out to grab a bus to reach my college. This guy asks me for time and I reply back. He asks me again and when I looked back at him, he flashes his penis and informs me to have sex with him. I felt offended but i was not able to do anything but t walk away, still he followed me for a wile and left Some guy blocked my friends and grabbed her bag. While having snacks in the marketplace, a boy touched my waistline indecently. While travelling in the metro, a man took full advantage and groped and touched my private parts. I was cycling early morning when a man came from behind and touched me inappropriately. I was waiting for my friend at the bus stand. A guy tried to touch my private parts and this happened for three to four times. It happened again the next day. A scooter driver groped my back and made some indecent invites. Same thing happened with my friend. Someone pelted stones on our room window which faces a secluded street and when we looked down, a man was masturbating on the street. I went for a walk in the early morning around the North Campus area and an auto rickshaw driver started masturbating when he saw me. i was sexually assaulted after a night of drinks with friends by acquaintance . he tried to forcefully get my clothing off . Inappropriate touches in public transport like metro I was made to touch his organ forcefully. This was very very bad for me. Even if I resisted he didn't stop. It happened to one of my friend ,her tution teacher harrased her for a long time A man around age 0f 50 years by touching me inappropriately in the wave pool fun and food village gurgaon I was walking infront of kathmandu Mall,there was a street boy who was showing me his private parts. I was returning from college to home,there was a boy who was playing with his private parts showing to me.I was so scared and I run from there and told the incident to my friends.My friends also told me that the same guy always does that in that same place . Groping whistles commenting masturbating in public at peddar road bus stop. Catcalling and eve teasing near the railway station. From jogeshwari to grant road station. This happens mostly everyday when travelling. A worker in slum nearby this region,sexually assaulted a teenager taking advantage of her mentally ill state. Indecent exposure Stalking, calling, home visits. Unnecessarily touching attempts of sexual molestation by a neighbour A boy tried to touch me in the bus DTC bus; CP-Chandni Chowk. I have experienced indecent exposure,  touching and prodding. Indecent Exposure (masturbation), indecent comments, whistling, jostling/touching others' body. once i was standing on the bus stopa man literally seduced me with his eyes and words and i tried to ignore i can never forget. This happened to a friend of mine who was waiting for the opening on forever 21 in saket. she felt something touched her body from behind. after 5 mins she turned back to see a middle aged man with his unzipped pants. my friend was walking for her english tuitions when a man on a scooter flashed her Happened near an old pump house. i was harassed at home by a family member i was walking towards my house while this guy started commenting a friend of mine was asked the way to a place by a stranger in car who suddenly asked her to look down and he was all naked my neighbor tried to touch me Happened when I was in school,in an auto that i used to take regularly. The auto driver used to harrasment. Told my parents one day and stopped travelling with him it happened in the metro, the guy was middle aged and was very annoying happened in the metro station This boy was drunk and started misbehaving It was a horrible experience. indescent exposure, totally naked man in a ladies compartment. He stripped inside the compartment. A man lifted his shirt and flashed me. Incident happened inside the train Staring/ogling, Touching, indecent exposure There is not a single reason Passing comments, catcalls, indecent exposure touching private parts. She does not feels safe at the station. She faces assault almost everyday. Touching It was 7 PM in a non - AC BMTC Bus , after bellandur petrol pump stop.
Since there was a lot  of rush a man(middle aged) looked innocent started masturbating by tying a plastic around his privates and hiding the other side by his bag!

He started pretending when I screamed and tied to escape! opposite Mithibai College, at the bus stop, 9 people were standing in a circle. a guy came on a bike. As we all looked back he just opened his pants, pulled down his zip, showed his penis and ran away I was travelling in the Delhi metro and a man was staring at a girl with the intention full of lust.
After a decent amount of time I couldn't take it and I stood in his point of view and gave him a casual look. Fortunately that sent the message. Near my college Lakshmibai, it happned. People are touching and groping at khot lane. Commenting at staring at you. drunk men were harassing. boys staring at the girls or laugh at them if they have worn a dress or shorts. In a crowded train, there as a man who was trying to pull my skirt and touching my privates. i was helpless i was feeling elpless a random man on a bike stopped me and a few school going girls and flashed us, laughed and ran away a year ago i was in Dehli railway station and a man exposed himself to a group of women I was sitting with.  reaction; the ladies ignored him for a long time (15-20 min) then one of them pointed him to me and my sister. we found a TT and complained about him. He tried to rin but was caught by the policement on the scene. My Chain was snatched while I was in the rickshaw. There must, be strict rules and punishment for such behavior.i felt really bad. transgenders sexually harassing men in trains the harassment by transgenders in sleeper/general class in trains all over the county Returning on a two wheeler from a coaching class alone. A man had just peed along the roadside and he just turned around wriggling his thing towards me. As I was on my vehicle I just preferred ignoring it and drove away though it was very disturbing. This incident has happened to me twice in the same area with the same man, over a period of two years. In January 2014, the mentioned man, then a slightly chubby, balding guy, had crossed my path while i was just a block away from my home. He looks decent, and uses a bike which i now realise, has license plates that are half broken or absent. he then crossed me and came back, stood on the opposite side of the road with his penis sticking out of his pants and asking me to take a look. he was masturbating. I was too shocked to react and by the time I did ,, he had taken off on his back. Recently, the same man, who is now balder and fatter, once again crossed my path on the same road, this time i was near my building. the man was once again on a bike, but a nicer looking black and red sports bike. He had worn shorts and t shirt that people wear to a gym. all black. he came back, again maintaining a safe distance from me, this time he said very derogatory and vulgar things about my private parts, along with what he wanted to do with them. seeing him again , triggered memories of 2014 and i was frozen for a second, but once again when i did react he escaped on his bike. to me he now seems like a serial molester, with a modus operandi of targeting girls/women in that area, in the wee hours of morning, on a bike with no plates. I am certain he lives in that area too. When i was going to the college fir an exam. A man of his bike called me and showed his private parts. I shouted he immediately ran away. Once I was coming back from my college and saw a man masturbating in his car with doors widely open.He was watching the passersby but it had no effect on his activity. This repeated once again and when enquired feom others ,I got to know that it happens there aa a daily chore. Two girls in the park were followed by a person who was irritating them by passing comments and touching them unnecessarily There were tow girls in the park with a lot of crowd in the park and a guy was continously following both the girls and irritated both of them My neighbour tried to molest me by coming to my place with an excuse when he knew no one was home. Inside the metro before getting down at rajiv chowk a guy touched my private places. After that I shifted from where that boy was standing and got down at rajiv chowk metro station. touching touching touching following touching stalking a lot of eunichs thrive in this area and extort money from students and locals alike. if refused, they misbehave I was sitting at the bus stop as I have to every single day at 6:40 for my bus, it's quite deserted and very few people are up and about. Many times I've had men come up on bikes and jeer and cat call me and make horrible sexual remakrks. Once a guy rode up on a bike and started taking pictures of me and I had to duck. Recently when I was walking there in the evening around 6 so not that &quot;late&quot; in the span of 5 minutes two auto drivers drove up to me on the middle of full traffic and made disgusting remarks at me. i was in the cab when it happened.this mad man pulled down his trousers. the girls were made to feel awkward when they were trying to enjoy themselves at the park. a young boy looked at a lady who was several years older in a weird way. two men were staring a 50 year old lady and were making her feel disgusting. exposing body parts A man masturbating in public location There are some unsafe hotels in mussorie who attract people by their cheap rates and then harrase them This happened in Dakshinpuri block c  in the afternoon around 6 months back. While I was on my way to home from school, I noticed a group a boys were indecently exposing themselves in front a girl who was alone. A group of boys threw flowers on me and commenting indecently while I was walking ahead of them. Sitting at desk, working, manager comes asking for some update, stares only at chest of females.Also makes indecent remark to a newly joined member regarding her saree. We obseved many anti-social elements like people using the place for loo, smoking, drinking etc I was going home after my tuition around 8 in the evening and a guy followed me. Its been around 3 months. It happened at my house. My brother harassed me and also misbehaved with me one night.
Its been six months. I am shocked why there have been no incident reported from the Pink City.Eve Teasing is so very common that it happen to girls almost every day.Well Let me share 1 such incident of my friend.We were studying in 1 of the prestigious girls college in Jaipur and were staying as a paying guest in C-scheme jaipur.Two of my friends went out to market to get something when suddenly 1 car came. I think they were 4-5 boys in the car.One of them tried to drag my friend in the car by groping in wrong place.Luckily the other friend saved her by shouting .It was so dreadful.She still cannt forget the incident..This is not just 1 case.. These kind of incidents keep happening there .. Was walking on the street, a guy stands leaning on the gate of his home and whistles and calls out to me the whole time I cross his home.I take that road daily, except Sunday, to go to music classes.This went on for a month and I finally quit music classes.I was 13 then. I was standing in my balcony at 9:00 pm.whan a guy comes closer to my society.It was dark and nobody was out. He just started peeling off his pants... That was a horrible experience and that day I realise what MASTERBATION is. a girl was deeply depressed because some boys in her school used to tease her for being an obese person. she couldn't stand the fact and tried to commit suicide but was counselled well. A lady was going to her office and was waiting for an rickshaw the rickshaw driver came very close to her when she denied sitting in his rickshaw as he wasn't going by a meter. he literally made her feel vulnerable that she got scared and went away from there. This is one of the most talked about incident to be heared from the people living in the vicinity of the 5th block colony, koramangala, bangalore. A man covered in black masque would perform activities that would horrify the people especially students staying in that particular location. This  mostly happens during the afternoon at around 5:30- 6:00, though the timings diversify. A man stops at one of the shady location right in front of the Baithani high school and sometime it would be right outside Lakshmi park, he would try to seek attention or imbibe fear on the minds of people walking alongside the road and most of it would be done when a girl would pass by him. This are things which is considered not so normal in our society, things like opening your undergarments and showing your most private areas especially to young teenage girls. it happens most of the time in the evening when college going girls would come out of their hostel or pg's for a stroll. The reason is yet not known by anyone and even police are still searching for these masque men . A guy was staring at my friends and me at Carter Road. He was sitting opposite to us and he was masturbating. I realized and I stared back until he zipped his pants and left the place. The place is sector 16 of Vashi, Navi Mumbai. It was 10.30 PM, as I got down at the sector 16 bus stop from BEST 525 bus and started walking towards home. The footpath is shady without street lights, so I decided to walk along the road. As I was walking, someone loudly screamed from the footpath ... &quot;ae idhar idhar dekh&quot;. I involuntarily turned in that direction to see a guy (a labourer) masturbating himself and smiling at me as he did so! I was schocked but I didn't wait around. I just turned my back on him and walked away briskly to the spot where there are lights and where there was crowd. He kept following me for sometime but after he found out that I was headed in a direction where there were many people, he turned around and went his way.

I was shaken as I reached home. All I felt was fear. But now that I'm reflecting on it, it feels I should have punched him for good. However, running away was all I could think of at that moment! We obseved many anti-social elements like people using the place for loo, smoking, drinking etc When coming from Mhada colony, I was harassed one of friends boss called her in the cabin and commented that she was looking nice and tried to kiss her it happened when i was walking on the railway station abused by a family member at home abused by a family memeber sexually at home A man came on the bike and opened his zip in front of me A man pulled my skirt and ran away when I screamed. about a month ago, there in the lane of bhatbhateni, i found a guy whistling and showing bad facial expression to me. I was in a meeting and when the meeting was over I went aside talking to my phone and a certain man came and started urinating by the fence,it was so anoying I was on my way from school a certain man removet his &quot;dudu&quot; (penis) and started urinating infront of me I was so shocked a girl in a short skirt was standing at the bus stop before men started calling her names making her run off on  my way to town in a vehicle,I saw a woman running naked outside men were really angered with this that they started insulting her. she was visiting the uncle during the holidays when the uncle one day removed his clothes on the couch and asked her to do the same.she wa scared and so she ran away my friend took me  to a man's house the man had offered to teach us our homework.when we reached there my friend left me with the man who started removing his clothes and advancing towards me. I was lucky as I escaped rape by screaming and running away a lady wearing a short dress and heels walks by a group of men standing by the road.the men start shouting at her of how she was indecently dressed the girl was forced to run off on heels fearing she could undressed a lady wearing a short dress walking along kibera law courts drive .men seated  along the the road  started shouting how indecent she  was. She was soo embarrased a woman was undressed with some boys who claimed she was indecently dressed. After my dad coming from pub, he comes home, beats our mum and have sex with her while we are watching, we sleep in the same houe ith them. As we were going to Church with a friend in otiende a guy just stood in fronth showing us his penis. I had gone to visit a friend and was dressed in skin tight and top.  When I passed this young man who called me and didn't respond.  They gathered around me and tore my tight off and its only a kind woman who wrapped me in a lesso, it was terrible for me A man used to pretend to be urinating behind our flats.  This man could take out his private parts whenever he saw a ladyin the cooking area which was behind the flats.  He did this more often and when people complained the landlord came and fenced all round the flats. A man was rubbing himself against me when I turned to look at what was going on, the man pretended he was concentrating on the politicians speeches. I said nothing and when I turned again to listen to speeches he did this again.  I shouted to this man and embarrassed him ionfront of people who were gathered during Mashujaa day.  this man had also messed up his trouser. I was in a car and a man urinating on an open ground near Lyon Maid Company.  He acually did not care whether who was looking at him.  He used his middle finger to send an abussive message. a matatu tout was urinating infront of our flat. We were hanging clothes with my 9 year old cousin, despite me trying to tell him to move and urinate elsewhere he insisted on doing it infornt of us. Whne I told him that is bad manners, he turned the blame on me saying am the one with bad manners because i let a baby look at him urinating. A lady was assaulted by the neighnour's husband and stripped naked at the bthroom.  This is because she went in ahead of him in the que. a young teenage girls had her clothes torn in the street by young boys because of her mini skirts that she was wearing I was walking passed the bridge, some man called me and started removing his private parts and when I refused to go where he was he started abusing me using very dirty language a group of pupils were going home from school when they met a man who was naked at the corner and he tried to call them but they ran away I was at mlolongo town when some ladies stripped themselves naked to lure me to sex but I ran away quickly I was coming from the shop when a man that sells some electronics was urinating at the railway line and he was calling me to look at him and I ignored him. I reported him to my mum who warned him but he does not listen. I was at the busstop and a man flashed me and my friend. He had not zipped up his trouser and kept passing infront of us, so we saw him and then he removed his penis and showed it to us, I got into the bus and my friend ran off teacher kevin always comes to class when it is breaktime and if he finds that its only girls he pretends to be talking to us and in the process he opens up his zip and shows us his penis my husband came to the house complaining that am having an affair with other men, when I asked which kind of men he is talking of he started beating me up I went to watch a movie at my neighbours to my surprise the movie was showing naked people having sex when I saw this I ran away my husband came to the house drunked and when I asked him to give me money for the welfare of the children, he started beating me up telling me do I think he is a bank and I should pack and live showing bad facial expression while walking by matured guy. he was unknown person and i have never seen him. winking eyes and teasing by boys while walking on road really feel us helpless. I was very young then. I was going to party with my family members in a public vehicle.  an adult was sitting next to me. He was staring at us. We got afraid and ran to our family members. it happened on while i was in grade 10.early in the morning around 6am. i bid my mother and left for school. it was near to my home a about 40 years old man facing towards bushes when i got near to him he started making wired sounds as i glanced a short view i saw that he was holding his penis and was shaking it i was so afraid and i call my mom and told her about it and she help me to go school i was walking in road and one girl start blinking her eyes by looking at me. i feel uncomfortable but she was showing some facial expression which was very unusal for me. Some white collar men were passing by who groped me by my chest and walked away. Touching &amp; molesting I was in the train in gents compartment &amp; a guy had tried to touch me inappropraitely. We were travelling to goa for school trip by train.There was a guy standing near the door showing off his private parts. While crossing the signal, a man sitted on bike called out ,I thought he was asking for some help but as I went he was just asking me to fulfill his pathetic desire. one boy on the bus was doing indecent exposure and i felt so uncomfortable touching in the micro bus a man exposed his private organ to a widow woman in our girls hostel. the man used to come at day time when we used to show his private part and expose it. four girls were walking the street of namaste supermarket during late evening. one man was standing on the road. when those girls came nearer to that man. he showed his penis to them and those girl ran away due to fear. My friend sister was coming from her office, she said that there was very rough looking man sitting next to a woman was masturbating in the bus as bus didn't have light. At the same time the man touched the women she said don't touch me with fear in her voice. I heard the man masturbating next to my place later he came towards my patio. I was so scared that I locked my door. Man showed his private part. I was going to my class in the morning. There was a boy in the corner side of the road as I was walking towards him he was showing his genitals. I felt so awkward and didn't know how to react. it was in white  micro. i was staning to the near to the door n one young gal came inside of that micro but thre was enough space..n vacant seat was thre but she refues to seat n stand near to me n try close me n i feel uncomfortable n stop that micro n left that micro . I was sent to laini saba to buy food and I met a man urnating, he stood before me with his private parts out on our way to music festival we saw a man removing his private parts and squeezing it When you pass where that man is, he removes his trousers and shows people his private parts A man saw me passing going to the NYS toilets near our building and he decided to urinate on the wall of the toilet. I assumed him and just passed. I was passing by two men and one of them removed his private part to urinate by the side of the road without caring who is passing by. A man was tried to grope me in the train station in the afternoon we were going back home from school, we noticed few boys were indecently exposing themselves and staring at a girl me wid my friend were walking and suddenly we saw a man masturbating . we got scared. Indecent exposure i was walking alone a guy shows his penis and drives off(as he was in scooty) I was walking suddenly a man in scooty shows his penis and runs off. while leaving from college a taxi driver was looking at me and touching himself a guy flashed at me near the park I was flashed at by a man on the bike, he was so gross a man was masturbating near the park I was going to the market when a guy tried coming really close to me, I then noticed that he was pressing his penis against my waist masturbating in park a guy was looking at me masturbating near the metro station entry, first I was not sure what he was doing, then he started groaning and I saw it I was flashed at by a man on the bike, he was so gross a drug addict flashed at me a man was masturbating on the street next to a cigarette shop a boy flashed his privates at me. It was so disgusting because he was so young a man was masturbating near the station and was leering at me an old man was flashing near the metro station entrance a drug user who was completely out of his mind was masturbating on the road this incident reminds me that I am strong. A beggar at the railway station touched and tried to grab me. I shouted at him and gave him a tight slap in front of everyone a guy was looking at me and touching his private parts in the Sunday market as if he is masturbating. It was so gross I faced verbal violence at the virar station two days back In the bus from Panjim to Ponda one man started following me and came into the bus. Bus was crowded. In sometime I got a seat. He came and stood next to me and started touching his private parts to me. He opened his chain of his pants and started using indecent words A man was following me as i was walking on the road. Ex-boyfriend calls and blackmails girl A man, on the station was staring at women and touching himself. It happened on the station while I was waiting for a train a man starting touching himself staring at all us women. An unknown man was seated next to a group of girls in Row F in theatre nbr 2. They were watching the newly released Minion movie. Shortly after interval this man took his pants off and flashed his penis at these innocent girls and then sat down and defecated . Right there. 
Horrifying and Sickening. 

They complained to the cinema authorities and they took the man to task A middle aged mad started masturbating while staring at me. Since this was not the first time this has happened to me, i yelled out loud...he ran away.. and then when men gathered, i had to tell them in bambaiyya language &quot;woh hila raha tha&quot; that's when they understood what was happening. a man holding a blade was making sexually suggestive gestures towards me. this happened in maharani enclave, deep vihar, in the afternoon. When i was studying in Fergusson college, I was going to my hostel through fc road street. one boy was showing me his penis.He was doing masterbusion too. I was scared. I increase my walking speed. Three years back when my friend and I were travelling in a BEST bus from Dadar station, a man came and sat in front of my friend. At frist, he was staring at her for the longest time and then exposed his private parts to her. 

Discomforted, my friend got up and went elsewhere to stand. A drunken person very harsh comments on me and my friends .

he also comments bad words talking to me with abusive words by a auto driver showing adult films by class mates Hi, In BMTC Mejastic platform many strange men will be roamimg for time pass. where their behavior will be very embarrassing for women/girls. they will be showing their reproductive organs at women/girls. they will be hardly trying touch ladies sensitive parts when ladies hurry in catching buses. please consider this as big problem for ladies. I was on my college road, travelling for a km distance just to take a auto. In a meanwhile two people in car came close to me and asked for the address. Then suddenly they started dragging me inside the car. I started shouting and people nearby to me came and those 2 people ran away. Observing private body parts a guy was rubbing up against me in a bus and was oogling I was walking down convent junction when a guy suddenly walked passed me and said &quot;I wanna fuck you&quot; in a sing song manner. Subsequently he walked past without stopping. This occurred almost 5-7 years back at approximately 5 pm. The date and time given are not exact. good friend are not worth of being trusted.a friend of mine tried to touch me and kiss me whike travelling in an auto A guy followed me throughout from the station to almost the cross road where all the showrooms start coming on the way. one day when we were walking in river bank. one dirty looking man followed us, showed us his private parts. With my neighbor sister of age around 23 is sexually harassed by boy who work in doha, qatar by posting nacked and unwanted pronographic video on her fake fb id. I was going to the college in the morning. I have to pass through a alone area( kind of jungle area). I saw a man masturbating and when he saw me then he started to masturbate more actively. Me and my friend were in Swayambhu near Anandakuti. It was near jungle where other people were also around. There came middle aged man who started masturbating. We didn't know what to do so we just left the place. My friend was traveling in tempo from Mitrapark. There one man also got into the bus. The man at first just looked at her when the driver was busy he showed her his penis. She got so scared that she drop off the tempo before the destination. Early morning I was waiting at Althino bus stand to catch a bus to Panjim bus stand. One man started commenting on my body using indecent words. He stood next to me and started playing porn videos on his mobile and commenting on it. A man showed me his private place while he was on a scooter and then acted as though nothing happened. i was on my scooty and was returning home from work. on a red light near my office, a ragpicker approached me, he made indecent gestures first and then flashed. he also had a blade in his mouth. As soon as the light turned green, I just sped my scooter away. I was scared and disgusted by this. Harrassment and inappropriate behaviour by men who conduct rides on the beach. My friend and I were at the bus stop when a old man flashed his genitals at us and walked off as though nothing happened. A man felt me with his private parts from behind. I was out for a walk with my friend and there was a man among the mangroves masturbating to us. teasing based on color caste. sexual harrassment commenting Harassment in office A lady was crossing through the open fields on her way to work when a man jumped out of the bushes with his pants down and started masturbating in front of her. She being alone was scared and ran away from him . She was scandalized and quite shaken with the incident.
However this was never reported. Once a girl was almost raped at a birth day party.Due to intervention, the girl was rescued A boy was harssed in the quarter by thieves because he won 500,000 frs in a parifoot game.In the course of harassing him, they almost killed him. It happened when a girl dropped down from a bus.On reaching down,she was called by two boys to come and greet one of the boys.The other boy asked ,have you greeted that boy?, and tells the girl her private part will disappear because she greeted the boy if she does not follow the boy and beg him..The girl became afraid and the boy asked her to surender(give) all what she possesses to him.Her money,phone,chairs and bangles were collected.The girl started crying out for help but before people could come to her rescue,the boys had excaped. A young girl of about 17 years was sent to buy at night.On her way back,she was stopped by one gentle man and at that very moment he asked her to be his lover.She refused.He decided to harass the girl I was forced to have sex with a cousin.We were palying then he inserted his hands into my vagina at the age of 6,then he removed it. She went out late and on coming back she was attacked by three boys and due to the short and exposed dress she was putting on,the boys were under pressure to rape her. Well, sexual harassment is mostly common to girls.It rarely happens to boys .Girls are the main victims of sexual harassment .I have never been harassed but I have a friend who has been harassed.She was a level 200 student in UIDB, Buea.She was coming back from school around 8pm.It happened in the streets just near her house. One eveing in my neighbours room a girl was raped.It happened when the girl visited the boy who she claims was her friend .When they had finished discussing ,the girl wanted to leave when the boy,pulled her,threw her on the bed, started beating her until she fainted and then raped her.It was only noticed when the girl regained consciousness ,shouted and started crying. It was one evening when she went to read  at the university of Buea .On her way home,she was caught by three boys .When she tried to scream, a knife was pointed at her so she had no choice than to stay quiet.She was dragged into the bush and raped.In pain she hid the story but lateron realised that that it was not helping so she decided to open up. There has been an experience where a girl was caught on her way home from a club at night.This girl was raped by a group of men in the bush out of her incompetency to help herself as she was very indecently dressed as I can say.This girl was raped and after that one of the men took a stick and inserted it in her vagina and she died so miserably. I went to visit a friend of mine as usual .I did't know that he had me on his mind for long.To my greatest surprise he started touching me on unexpected parts until the point where he stripped me off and I was raped though I ended up dating him because he is the one who disvirgined me. I was harassed by a gang of guys who raped me.One day I was moving on the streets and I met a group of boys who came and confronted me.When I tried to escaped from them ,they ran after me and one of them raped me. One day a friend of mine was just moving along the road.It was on the 17th of January 2012 when she was strolling along the road,a man approached her and when she stopped to listen to the man she told him she was not interested.The man got annoyed and pulled her into a near by push .while they were there, no body was there to rescue her.After he had raped the girl he ran away. It happened to a very good friend of mine .She was sexually harassed by her father's friend who lived with them.One evening she came back from school and that day her dad's friend was home alone.When she arrived she went to her room and was undressing.To her greatest suprise he walked in and forcefully raped her. One Friday I was going home from school very tired and hungry when one beautiful lady saw me and requested for my help.I tried to make the lady know that I was tired and hungry .she thought I was ignoring so she started calling me names.I almost slapped her but i didnt and she insulted me getting to the point of even fighting with me.I was highly emabarassed and harassed. Sexual harassment is when somebody of the opposite sex forcefully wants to fuck another person without their permission . It happened on the 1st of January 2015 at Molyko when my friends and I were coming back from the church.A group of guys came out from the bush and threatened us with knives forcing us to lie down so that they could have what they wanted.Fortunately for us some good Samaritans were passing so we creamed for help. Street sexual harassment that I witnessed in Molyko Buea where a girl put on what is known as hot pants and guys where smoking behind the bar with friends and drinking.I went out and the girl did not have a choice because the guys were many.She was raped but no one to help her since i myself im a girl and i ran inside the bar. Sexual harassment. A friend of mine was sexually harassed by another student .One day when we were in school, a guy called her and asked her to have a walk with him around the school compound.She accepted not knowing that he wanted to have sex with her in a hidden part in school. When they got there, he started talking about sex to her and tried to undress her. sexual harassment in UB. There is this female friend of a friend of mine that always exposes her pubic hair and her breasts each time ,each time I see her I am always having a wrong notion about her ,that she is a sex maniac. Sexual harassment. One morning when I was going to school with my friends, a guy appraoched us and started asking for the name of my friend.Unfortunately my friend spat on his face.When we were coming back from school, the guy attacked us with his friends, took us to a dark environment gave us the beating of ourlives until we collapsed and only woke up realising ourselves at a hospital One day when travelling to Buea ,at the Buea road park in Buea road in kumba,there was this guy whose bags were forcefully taken by park boys to a particular agency.Suprisingly,instead for her to ask them to keep her bags ,she started insulting them as illitrates and jobless guys.i was really ashamed and embarassed as if  i was the one. On the 10th of october 2014.a girl was raped by her teacher. This was as a result of the girl failing his subject so the teacher invited her for private lessons.In his house at 6pm.When she arrived, the teacher started asking qustions if she has a boyfriend she said no .The teacher taught for about two hours .When the girl was about to go,the teacher gripped her,threw her on the chair and raped her. was being stalked by a boy calling me names and trying to talk to me A group of women when I was heading home with my girlfriend beamed and whisper to each other and one made a move towards me, poorly dressed ,with an open back dressed. It was during holiday when I went back home to see my parents.That day I was alone at home and one of my unlces paid me a visit.all of a sudden he started harassing me .I shouted for help. A lady invited me into her room.Of course we were neighbours .When I got in she was naked and invited me for sex A friend of mine,female was raped in Dirty South Buea .It was at 10pm in the night.She went to transfer credit and on returning she was held by a guy who took her in an uncompleted building and raped her. an old man was exposing his private parts near the bus stop and passing dirty comments. Touching and groping and indecent exposure I saw a nude man masturbating in front of my house. Near SICSR (Symbiosis) I went for my morning walk when I saw a man approaching me. He was masturbating and inviting me by saying &quot;Aaja raja&quot; (Come come) I was standing with my two friends in my society. After a while I noticed there was a boy continuously staring at us. Then suddenly I noticed he was not wearing pants. All of us ran away from there. One guy standing on the streets threw some water through the window. I went to see what happened and saw him masturbating in front of us. A group of my friends and me were going to the bus stop after celebrating Holi at BCAS, DU. While passing through narrow streets in broad daylight, someone called us from the back in a helpless tone as though someone needed help. As all of us turned back, it was a disgusting scene. That person had taken out his private part from his pants and was showing us even before we could react he ran away.
This happened in the narrow street near the quarters of Ministry of External affairs, Opposite JM International School, Section 2 and 6, Dwarka, New Delhi A boy started masturbating in front of us. Indecent exposure a man started masturbating on seeing my friend alone in an isolated area. he even tried to follow her Some school boys touched a girl's body at indecent place touching and indecent exposures - - touching and indecent exposures indecent exposure commenting and indecent actions by a group of boys taking pictures stalking... women being groped and harassed in public while deboarding the metro i  realised that a man had taken some snaps of me and my friend , and was making indecent expressions Indecent Behaviour one of my friends was sexually molested by her cousin when she was 12 as i was walking on my regular path to home a group of 6 boys started to watch my every step and started commenting and as i looked at them they started doing indecent gestures. we went to  McD  sector 14 , many people in the vicinity were drunk and started staring and teasing for quite some time couple of bikers went by passing lewd comments and making vulgar gestures stalking , sexual invites stalking and secual invites sexual invites indecent exposure sexual invites indecent exposure commenting , indecent exposure by guys eve teasing chain snatching north east girl sexually assaulted indecent exposure some guys made indecent comments , and tried to grop a girl near Bal Bharti Public School .. i was travelling in the bus and one guy kept touching me and harassing me in all the wrong ways. Touching at crowded places and commenting Eve teasing, indecent exposure Indecent exposure, commenting Stalking, passing comments I was coming back home then there was a guy standing under a tree constantly looking and giving weird looks. When I clearly had a look he was MB and constantly staring Commenting and indecent exposure I was with a friend. Two guys came on a bike and the person sitting at the back touched my friend's ass. A middle aged man opened his zip in a crowded metro and teased/touched a girl with his genitals. The girl and I along with some men shouted and caught hold of the man. He was beaten up and was bleeding profusely after that. He apologised a lot after that but we handed him over to the metro authority. IN my home town hyderabad i waz walking with my cousin. somebody came and asked me an address .then he stared showing me pictures of nude men and women .being in class 7 i got scared and ran away EVE-teasing seen and reported Yelling abuses or passing in decent remarks at girls. touching in inappropriate places A friend of mine had sexually harassed in the bus,though the seat of other bus was vacant that old guy sat near by her and keep on touching her intentionally then she didn't want to create a scene and get off from the bus though it wasn't her stop. yes i have been through sexual harassment several times in my life. While i was walking on the road,there were some boys who comment and whistles at me. Street harassment on auto stand  at hospital road kollam juction. Now near our house musing public . Sexual harassment. Harassed at Dharavi It was around 2:30 noon, me and my friend were walking on our way to meet a friend, when suddenly a car stopped,next to us, the driver asked me, the way to Brookefield Hospital. I directed him, and told him the way towards the Hospital. Actually the hospital was exactly opposite to the location in which we were walking. After I told him, the location, he drove a bit ahead from us, and then slowed down his car, I suspected he was watching us in his rear view mirror. I told my friend that something was not right about this driver, and that we needed to turn around and take a busy street, but she ignored saying, that , this is a safe locality, nothing happens here. Meanwhile, she got busy on a call and went a few steps ahead of me, in meantime I caught up with his car, he was driving parallel to me, as I was walking. I tried to ignore him, and started walking fastly. He caught up with me, stopped his car next and asked me ,If I wanted a lift till Brookefield Hospital, I told him, that i was alright, and I needed no lift, but after that he insisted, and asked me to sit next to him, and then when i denied,and started to walk away from his car, he asked me to come look at something, he was pointing towards his lap, suddenly he rose from his seat and showed his genital. I was shocked, and dumbstruck, before i  could understand what did just happen to me,he drove off. It was daylight, I could not note down his car plate number.Maybe I could have been a bit more braver, and done something about it, then and there. When my sister was returning from work at Kandivali Station, platform no 2, an old man was getting down the stairs and making obscene gestures with his face. She confronted him then and there &quot;Old man, is this your age to do this?&quot; and she took out her slippers to hit him. Everyone just looked at her. Chakka spanked in the train A drunk guy tried to harass in the moving local train. It happened to me at the Kurla station when a man brushed his elbows at my breasts. I yelled at him but he pretended like nothing like that even happened. As I was coming back from my classes, a man on a scooty came besides me and showed his penis and looked towards me and moved away with his scooty. He had opened his zip to show his erect penis. A guy started commenting on my friend and started doing dirty gestures which made her feel unsafe. I was standing outside my gym alone waiting for my driver to pick me up. He was late. By the time I was continously chased by  group of boys who stared at me till the time my driver came. We were at Crawford market and this photographer slyly took a picture of our breasts (focussed). We went and confronted him and he denied taking anything. We went ahead and checked his camera and found the picture and made him delete it. I was on Dadar station main bridge and it was too crowded. A guy touched me inappropriately and I just yelled at him. There were a few cops on the bridge so they tried to help me but the people around were not cooperative so they could not find him. He was a remotewala man basically dealing with used stuff. This man used to come to our society to collect used stuff in noon time. It was one day when I was out near the corridor that this man passed by and suddenly down there he started undressing himself and he actually showed me his penis and gestured to me whether i wanted it.

Dadarkar compound, Tulshiwadi, Tardeo One of my aunts was walking on a crowded street and this guy actually opened the zip of his pants and started rubbing his penis and ejaculating on her back. I was harassed at Bangur nagar I was harassed near sukh sagar Unwanted touching, staring, domestic violence Near Churchgate station I was walking and realised a guy was following me and also masturbating. it was sickening although it was 0830/0900 on a Sunday. The street was dark because the entire road has mostly office buildings or showrooms and there were no people on that street since it was dark.

This was the area outside Churchgate station going towards Marine Lines. I was in a crowded bus when this happened. My friend and I were sitting in the general seats on the left side of the bus. the man next to my friend sitting on the aisle side felt something on her shoulder. she turned to check what it was and it turned out to be a man with his erection, resting on her shoulder. This happened in the BEST bus 296 On the road bad pass was given, got irritated and ignored thereafter. At metro station, bad gesture. Ignored. Got annoyed and ignored thereafter I went out of my house for a night walk. I saw a nude man masturbating in front of my house. Indecent exposure at Palam Gaon Ogling and indecent exposure Groping and touching at Dwarka metro station Commenting at Munirka Overcrowded buses in Chennai. Male tries to grab and do embarrassing stuff and females put it as normal day to day things. Due to language constraints they pretend they don't understand when you confront them. NO one stands up.

This is on all public transport buses in Chennai The so called 'new age' chhokras of the city have a tendency to accumulate near this lake side street and kick the two wheeler vehicle ridden people, especially women. Harassed at Rohini Catcalls and indecent exposure Harassment in the afternoon at Hauz Khas Village. Indecent exposure and chain snatching Eve teasing seen and reported. Yelling abuses or passing indecent remarks at girls. Touching them at inappropriate places. In my hoemtown, Hyderabad, I was walking with my cousin. Somebody came and asked me an address. Then he started showing me nude pics of men and women. Being in class 7 I got scared and ran away. A man saw my friend in the underpass and was masturbating in front of her. He used foul words to address her. While travelling on the metro a group of boys were clicking pictures which was making the girls really uncomfortable. I was coming back home and there was a guy standing under a tree constantly staring and giving wierd looks. Commenting, indecent exposure. I was with a friend, two guys came on a bike and the person(pervert) sitting at the back touched my friend's butt. A middle aged man opened his zip in a crowded metro and teased/touched a girl with his genitals. The girl and I along with some men shouted and caught hold of this man. He was beaten up and was bleeding profusely. He apologised after that but we handed him over to the metro authority. One day I was going to school by public transport. There was no space to stand and after sometime I found that a man was holding me from behind. I didn't know what to do. I pinched him badly and gave him a very bad look. My friend was going back home from college. She was in a rickshaw. A guy was driving alongside the rickshaw and was masturbating looking towards my friend. She was horrified.
evening 6 pm I was walking in the evening talking on the phone when suddenly a guy hit me on my hand and walked away with his group of friends. One night when my friend was travelling by auto, the driver took her to an unknown place, luckily she found help and was saved. A boy touched a girl's hand, she gave him a look and he move away. After sometime he grabbed both her hands and touched her butt. A group of boys were commenting and whistling while I was performing a play. (street play). Wanted to get physical some occasions like JATRAS-indecent exposure, touching especially groping happens to woman in a mass from people with bad intentions. a girl from her own family gets harass unknowingly.her brother in law call her to meet him and she meet him but his behave was so dreadful that he started kissing and doing naughty, silly things which makes the girl feel very bad. she cant raise her voice because of family prestige. guys shows their penis in the streets of boudha makes me embarrassed while i was walking for work. it was a summer afternoon, i was walking in the street. 2 boys on a motorbike were coming towards me from opposite direction. one of them touched my lower front part of my body. i was being touched by one old man who was sitting next to me in a micro bus.when i was coming out of bus for my college, that old man touched my lower part. every person have seen that who were there but nobody spoke a word a little. a boy of class 3 was abused infront of school by taking his clothes off . afternoon 1.30 pm chain snatching &amp; indecent exposure afternoon 3.30 pm night 9.30 pm afternoon 2 pm I was travelling in the train from Delhi to Bhopal. One guy sitting on the upper berth gave me indecent looks, was whistling and making faces. My sister and her friend were stalked by three guys. They continuously followed them for almost about 15-20 mins. I was waiting at Inderlok Metro Station, at the exit gate. A group of four boys passed cheap comments and followed me. On seeing a policeman they turned around and ran away. I was standing with my two friends in my society. After a while I noticed there was a boy continuously staring at us. Then suddenly I noticed he wasn't wearing pants. All three of us ran away from there. Some street boys harrassed my neighbour while she was out at night to buy vegetables. I have seen a man showing his private organ to a lady and lady as so afraid inside a bus old man cattches my hand even i told to put his hands away touching in infinite area while passing by bus (i gave him a good beating) i had a relative of mine who touched me in a very indecent manner some time at back.of course it was disguished as a cute hug as elders give to young ones but that left me harassed. when i was going to parlour an old people knowingly tried to touch me and i felt very nervous. at the time of travelling vehicles each and every time the people who are like that of 40 tried to push the girl and touch her hands. A middle aged man teasing very inappropriately. There was a English teacher who found out to harass young boys staying in his private hostel. I was traveling in a crowded metro and was busy in my cell phone. Suddenly I felt something on zip of my trouser and I realized and elderly man was trying to unzip it. I moved immediately but coudnt say anything out of embarrassment A man patted my friend while she was walking near a park in the dark and ran away. He was on a bicycle. A sheepish Looking guy felt my friends hands with his genitals in a crowded metro.

Noida city Centre metro station Eve teasing

No Street Lighting My sister was physically abused by street boys. My friend was harassed by her own boss at the reputed company. He kissed her forcefully without her will. When I was waiting for a bus in a bus stop, a man came near to me said to spend night with him. He even followed me for 30 minutes. It happened last month with my friend. A man came near to her tried to be physical with her. A man showed his penis by calling me. I thought he called me for other reason but when I turned back he was showing his penis. A man showed his penis by calling me sisters again and again. gang of boys abused me by whistling and using bad words on my way back home. A girl studying in grade 9 is sexually assaulted by the teacher of her own class,in the government school of Jhunkhunwa,Rautahat. When I was going in college by local bus, a man sitting beside me tried to touch my breast. This incident happened to me. In the early morning, when I was going to school. A gang of boys came towards me and said that I am hot and they wanted to take me to their bed. Physical abuse in public vehicle to myself st night time when bus was very pack. when me and my friend were going to school early morning in a bus, a man sitting beside my friend was showing his private organ. we felt so awkward and difficult so we got out of that bus. i was on my morning walk. i was feeling sexually harassed by a man who was walking naked showing his private body part.he was walking side by side so ignoring him was not possible. I was so much teased and pushed by gang of boys in the early morning. A man gave bad signs from hand and teased me badly in a bus. A random guy touched my breast while i was walking by the roadside. A guy made indescent expression while i was returning home from tuition. One day while i was returning from my college,a boy passing nearby touched me very stongly. This incident happened with a couple walking down the lane, the girl was with her husband and was groped by some guys standing nearby. Harassed and abused at special counter for ladies while renewing a first class pass.man behind wanted to buy his ticket and have me wait behind .when I refused he abused and tried to push me.he also tried to stalk me at borivali station which is when I took his picture and he started making obscene gestures. Filed report 1 a few days ago. The larger buses hiding him have gone but there's still a smaller van sized one on parked next to the building. He was there again today at roughly 9 pm doing the same thing. Called the watchman but he ran away before anything could be done about it. Couldn't even get a look at his face. Man standing between a schoolbus and a building wall on North Avenue in Santacruz (West); masturbating and exposing himself. It was pretty dark between wall and bus, and there are enough bushes to hide him from the watchmen who were just about 10-12 feet away. Initially it was unclear what he was up to owing to how dark it was. But when it did become more evident and I was about to call out to the watchmen he ran away. It's disturbing because there are kids living in the building and around it. This is also right on to a busy arterial lane between linking and sv road. The complete lack of fear of discovery on such a busy location is also disquieting. Just goes to show how even a seemingly highly unlikely and tiny secluded spot can become an opportunity. On a train to Churchgate almost everybody got down from the second class ladies compartment at Grant Road station at about 9 pm leaving just two of us ladies in it. A man looking like a beggar and behaving as if he was insane got in at Charniroad. We screamed for help and managed to get help from people at the station to push him off before the train started. It was a noon time and I wanted to go from wadala to dadar. I was standing on the roadside waiting for the taxi to come. I was at Five Garden area, and one man on a bike came closer to me and asked me for some road. I was petrified to see that his zip was open and an erected penis was out. I just screamed and started running. It was a scary and annoying experience. Around a month back, I witnessed a man openly in public was masturbating by look at a girl. We women who witnessed it yelled on him and the moment he realized this, he ran away. I go to the terrace of my building for doing exercise every morning. Some buildings away there is one guy who keep staring me and waves hand on looking at me. I really ignored him at first but then, i thought that he has a binocular in his hand and he gets the close look of mine. I don't know what to do and how to handle this. As i am really in a hurry to finish my work out and start off with my day. Please guide and suggest what can be done. I was waiting at a deserted bus stop and there was only man standing next to me, he just kept starring at me until i got into a bus. I felt very uncomfortable with his dirty gestures towards me. Guy showed me his penis at a bus stop. I didn't utter a word, was so scared &amp; kept eagerly waiting for a bus to come and this place itself is so very deserted. At Nerul station, when my daughter and I were climbing the FOB, this pervert came down the stairs exposing himself, targeting my daughter had to use this subway yesterday at 5pm, was walking with my son, it was very embarrassing, two older men, kind of beggars, made gestures and exposures. Men on cycles masturbating and driving close to women and girls, between St. Andrews College and Turner road. A guy was masturbating in front of the girls hostel. He was caught by a girl and further beaten by the authorities. College trip - train ride - guys looking in an ugly way - guys were soldiers in civilian clothes.

This happened on the train back from Goa. I went to the government office for an official appointment. The official was showing me pornographic videos and I was scared as I was alone. Guys in a bus purposely stick their private parts to the girls. Very common on buses in Mumbai. A guy was indecently exposing his private parts even after knowing that there were girls all around them and would have noticed it.

This happened outside the Wadia college at the bus stop. Indecent gestures at Juinagar railway station while walking on the road, a guy from a building's balcony whistled and was calling me into his house. that is an area where students from different places, live in hostels to prepare for competitive exams. i wasn't wearing indecent clothes infact i was wearing a salwar. I am a UK National who visited India from January 15th 2014 to January 26th 2014. Whilst on a train from Jodphur to Delhi on Friday 24th January with my male partner I was the victim of a crime. There was a samosa vendor on the train who served us food but who came back later to our carriage and was caught by me, concealing himself in the carriage whilst masturbating and staring at me. Both myself and my partner confronted the man and we were assured by the train guard that he had been removed from the train.

On arrival into Old Delhi train station a few hours later we went to try to report this incident but there was no clear sign of where we could find the police so we left it until the following day. On Saturday 25th January we searched the internet and saw that crimes against women could be reported at Connaught Place so we went to that police station. Our treatment there was shameful as I was rudely ordered to write a statement about the incident in a room full of male police officers who were watching what we were doing. At the end of this time we were told that the incident could not be reported at Connaught Place police station and were vaguely direct back to New Delhi police station. Here we encountered a similar situation with the police showing very little interest in us and directing us to another police station. At this point we decided to come to the British Embassy to seek advice but were not allowed entry as we were told the embassy was closed on a Saturday. By now I was exhausted and traumatised so my partner took me back to our hotel and went out on his own to try to the report the incident. He eventually went back to Old Delhi train station and was finally able to find a police officer who was willing to listen to an account of the incident and to document it. was groped while climbing the stair case of the house two boys made indecent noises on my face when i was leaving from my college there was a group of boys who were trying to show an indescent location. In H-block,Shastri Nagar 5-6 yrs old small girl was raped by shopkeeper. Catcalls Commenting and indecent exposure Groping with inappropriate comments. Catcalls Commenting and bad facial expressions, taking pictures, indecent exposure, sexual invites a guy was at a girl and was commenting Touching/groping in bad manner Commenting &amp; Taking Pictures A man on a bike indecently exposed in front of My girlfriend.It happened in 2011 in the morning.
I did not report to the police.I beated him. It happens mostly in the buses.While coming from the college in DTC bus,one guy indecently exposed his private parts.That was really disgusting !
It happened in the afternoon. i was accompanied by 3 of my friends and we were going somewhere when a man stopped his car and asked for some directions. while i was giving him the directions, he pulled down his pants and showed his penis. a man of around 40-50 year old commented on me while i was passing a store. i was going to the market when a boy touched me. I was going to my husband office.One fellow came to me and asked about some favour. He was on bike and showed  his **.I was very scared and said nothing to him then he went. Since today I got this site, I thought of sharing this nightmare. I was waiting for a bus and a guy came and stood beside me.I walked so that I could get an auto but this guy followed me making lewd gesture.I was so panic stricken that I wasn't able to make up my mind whether to call for help or take out my pepper spray.Fortunately the auto arrived at that moment and I was saved.It happened in the night. I stay in Velachery area in Chennai. And when i walk near the bus stop, the guys comment about my chest. Last week a guy tried to touch me down there and ran away when i shouted and from far away he dropped his pants and exposed his butts and groin. It felt so uncomfortable. We were roaming around and the guy made very indecent exposure.It happened in the night. harassment harassment We are 4 members are use to go to office in MMTS  from Bharath nagar to Hitech city at 6.15 am. One idiot indecent fellow get in to ladies compartments and started indecent exposure. 
Now the problem was solved b'coz of the police protection of SCR. harassment I used to visit college, daily by my own vehicle ans I face commenting, indecent exposure each day and after 6:00 it's quite risky to travel in bus and all This incident took place at vishwavidalaya metro station(inside metro) in the afternoon.
I was sitting inside metro,ladies compartment.The compartment was full of men and the moment I entered they started ogling and making facial expressions which made me feel quite uncomfortable. general touching, groping staring in the metro station and commenting, catcalling on the streets. some of the children who was about 12-13 years old were using abusive language when I was returning from my college to hostel with some of my friends... A guy in the metro stands behind me with his zip open and was masturbating. Group of boys passing by on bikes passed comments and indecent exposure.It happened in the evening.