 There is no light at night and boys follow girls at night if they have been sent There is a boy who like following a girl at night when she has been sent to the shop There is a man who has been following a certain girl anywhere she goes mostly at night a boy has been following a girl at night in the street and there is no light a girl's friend was raped from shop at night.The place was very dark There are no lights around my hostel and it gets very dark in evening.  And because of this harassment has becomevwry common there. there is a man who has been harrasing a young wherever they meet . The girl is even of walking at night because she can be harrased a boy waited for her when she was sent to the shop and it was dark no light An old man started singing vulgar song staring at me continuously Two young boys tried to grab my sister when she went here for running at around 7 pm. This was in 2011. Since there was no one there, one boy grabbed her from behind and the other from the front. But she managed to break free and then shouted and started running towards them. TOok one of them to the police station and kept slapping him till the police asked her to stop/ Writing this on behalf of my wife..she is leaving in jaipur currently for her studies from Mahatma gandhi medical college in sitapura area in jaipur and stays in a hostel close the college B-312,sitapura residency colony near IIGJ institute and i work in bangalore in an IT COMPANY...so the incident came like after her dinner at around 8pm on 19th may, she and one of her friend in hostel went to buy  ice cream at a near by shop close to hostel(approx around 300metre) nd while coming back there was no light in middle and their comes these two guys on bike aged around 28-30..they slowed the speed of their bike nd touched my wife's friend from behind nd then tried to touch on front..nd then my wife shouted. These guys then ran off on their motorcycle, my wife nd her friend was shock aftr this...and today on insisting coz i could make out of her voice that something had happened, she told me the whole story.
And now today ie on 20th may again at same time around 8:30 pm my wife finished her dinner nd was going back to to her room when she saw the same two guys on street passing nd making noices on girls standing in balcony..my wife then hidden herself behind the pole in balcony nd saw them going nd noticed that these guys stay on the same road of their hostel at around 300metres in a house. This is ridiculous. And i wanna use these platform.. to let this go to concerned authorities nd strict action should be taken against these culprits. Lots of robberies Male experienced ogling and staring, commenting, catcalls and whistles and picture was taken without permission. This location has poor lighting. In this space, I have been sexually harassed in different ways. From a group of men who have verbally assaulted me, to a man chasing me for a few meters. although it has police activity, they generally ignore the complaints reported various cases of chain snatching, taking pictures, lack of street lights and stalking reported ogling,catcalls, taking pictures, commenting, no streetlights reported lack of street lights and touching Poor lighting and a place which is isolated and unsafe walking by at night I was passing a street and there were no lights. Suddenly a man came and pressed my chest from behind and ran away laughing before I could understand anything Bike riders and cycle riders comment and run away no proper lighting taxi driver suddenly stopped on a dark road , told me to wait and went out to relieve himself .felt scared and vulnerable No street lightings whats so ever cant even see beyond 2 meters at night the individual was molested and hasnt been able to cope with it and tried to fight back and took the issue up to the church authorities Robbed at gunpoint by three people. Two male students nearby recognized me from our old schools, and they knew to communicate with me via gesture by using an universal gesture for &quot;call me&quot; and &quot;suck&quot; and I quickly entered to my college away from them. We don't go to the same college but they're definitely in a neighboring college. Due to the nature of the victim's job which makes her come home late, on an ocassion some gang of boys cornered her, beat her, raped her and collected her phones and purse.she recognised one of them. We have been searching for the boys but to no luck. On my street, i get harassed daily by the guys. They comment about my boobs and buttocks,and say the will have sex with me one day.they touch indecently but i always run from them. They do this because there is no street light. Everyday in Makinde street, sexual harassment, sexual invites, commenting, catcalls, occur. Little children also are victims. I have heard of rape issues at this spot. One of the reasons is lack of street light. So the harassers hide in the dark to commit this evil. Someone was following me and then tried to walk by my side and touch me. Also tried to rob me. (Chain snatching) I was walking out to grab a bus to reach my college. This guy asks me for time and I reply back. He asks me again and when I looked back at him, he flashes his penis and informs me to have sex with him. I felt offended but i was not able to do anything but t walk away, still he followed me for a wile and left Someone pelted stones on our room window which faces a secluded street and when we looked down, a man was masturbating on the street. Eve teasing Staring, passing comments Eve teasing, staring My flatmate was coming back from Amity University by Ola. The driver switched off his phone and and started navigating on a different route. He was trying to take her off to a malicious route but she jumped off the cab. My friend was harassed three times in JNU. A friend of mine was going for a walk near the Northern ridge area and somebody started following her. She felt uncomfortable and started running and she escaped. A friend of mine was going for a walk near Northern Ridge and somebody started following her. She felt uncomfortable and started running and she escaped. A guy daily followed me while I  was going to my tutions,after some days he was trying to contact me Touching in share auto
Touching at Bandra Bus Station and in local trains. This report is regarding the survey conducted on sexual harassment in different forms in a particular area report was taken at dadar street market. exact location was between bigg sale-maitreen shop.intervieweee do not feel safe due to instances of staring and touching most of the time during visit This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. Commenting at some one happens everyday in our college. I was walking last night and two men cornered me and touched my leg At 6.30 am, I was walking towards Bandra Station. It was completely dark and there seemed to be no one on the road. Suddenly someone caught me from the back and touched me near the crotch. When I turned I saw it was a man and screamed out of fright and shouted abuses at him. He ran off in the opposite direction. By the time a few people came from the station towards me, he had already gone. I have crossed 60 years of age and it was an extremely frightening and traumatic experience for me. I was in 10th and was returning from school when my neigbour who's like my uncle held my hand near colony rooms and just started telling me he loves me and used kind of words which were really uncomfortable. poor lighting. This area didn't have these street amps before. some inappropriately touched my behind. The streetlights are not effective, it was very dark. Teasing Catcalls was touched in the metro i was going back home and 2 boys started whistling Happened when I was in school,in an auto that i used to take regularly. The auto driver used to harrasment. Told my parents one day and stopped travelling with him I was going to my friends place for the first timr. I was in a cab at one end of a bridge and asked for directions. Two people came ahead right inside the cab peeping from the window asking for sexual invites and touching. Nothing much happened, but still security is a concern She is a student and she is a regular traveller but she never felt safe. She faces assault almost everyday. She is a student and she does not feel safe even while traveling in the morning. She faces assault almost everyday but till now she has never taken any action or ever reported to any police official. Poor street lighting, North east Report, Faced many harassment very frequently. I was going back to my apartment when i was stalked by a man. I didn't notice initially but then when i turned back to look i couldn't spot anyone as there was almost a blackout due to no street light. I work in a factory in Bengaluru rural area. The street which leads to the factory where I work has no street lights at all. It becomes extremely difficult for those who have to go to work in the night shift. Sometimes even robbery also takes place by strangers. One day a group of people came onto me and I was mugged.
They took my phone and wallet In a beer bar after it closed two girls who were there are hit by some men When she refused to go with them. I WAS WAITING FOR THE BUS. A MAN CAME ON A BIKE AND WAS OFFERING LIFTVTO YOUNG GIRLS. WHILE COMING FROM CLASSES I SAW A GROUP OF BOYS WERE TEASING A GIRL. I WITNESSED A CHAIN ROBBERY Taking pictures. Verbal teasing . A gang of goon looted me outside the Raniganj station people are scared due to less street lights. boys staring at the girls or laugh at them if they have worn a dress or shorts. NO street light a random man on a bike stopped me and a few school going girls and flashed us, laughed and ran away Creepy people try to follow at dark. I was walking towards the Bandra Gymkhana on D'monte Park road on 15th August (independence day... for whom?) at around 10pm and was groped by a biker who rode by, grabbed my butt and then looked back to smirk at me as he rode past. I was walking on the road as the footpaths are uneven and I could not get his license plate as the lighting is very dim. This is a frequent event on this road and The ALM has already asked for better lighting but the BMC will not cooperate. poor lightining in ameya park The poor lighting conditions in this area gives rise to many petty crimes against the girls of the society. There is hardly any light on the road and almost all of the street lights are broken. There are often drunken guys walking on the road. Very unsafe. bad lights in the area My Chain was snatched while I was in the rickshaw. no lights at all and drunkards over here The street lights are poorly lit. It's too difficult to walk through the street as there are higher chances of getting eveteased. There is no street light available at T point of road near open ground in Sec-3, Vasundhara.This point ids deprived of streetlights unlike  all such types of T points in area .Moreover there are n nubmer of poors residing in slums set in that locality which makes the condition even pathetic.That area gets very dark and creepy at night.Due to this frequent accidents and other unwanted incidents take place .The poor living there are highly affected and always live with a fear and a risk of some mishappening to take place at any point of time during the night. Due to poor lighting, one of the boy starting commenting how i look and all. Due to poor street lighting there are group of boys who comment or stalk girls Missing street lights in many parts No street lights in many parts No street lights in many parts of this area poor lightings on the street There is lack of proper lighting in this area, which has made it unsafe to walk out of the metro station at night. The street is ill lit and infamous for the  huge groups of people on two wheelers who pose a threat to the people walking by. vashi railway station are deserted for most of the time..it is not like central line when stations are bustling with people. hence it gets a little unsafe to travel. The service road leading to the junction is extremely dimly lit. Some anti-social elements are often seen loitering around this area! Females usually feel very unsafe in this area at night due to poor street lights.Often there is no electricity. Due to poor street lights it becomes very creepy and unsafe for not only women but everyone thee. There is no proper street lighting in this area and it therefore becomes unsafe for girls, specially at night. This village hardly gets electricity. Whole of the night there would be no electricity in the village, forget street lights. The village remains under total darkness in the night and is unsafe for girls. very poor lighting in this area ans unsafe in night this is a complaint regarding the poor street lights..in ulhasnagar station..where it is difficult to use the bridge in the night. in the night,there is extremely poor streest lighting and very unsafe to cross  the ground due to lack of street light it is difficult to go out alone after 8 and many passerby take advantage of this. I visited this place to see for relatives in night and it was so unsafe there. I was in a rickshaw when suddenly two boys started following me on a bike and were  whistling and passing cheap comments I was being followed by 2 men on a bike till this location. This street is home to several people and the lighting condition here is horrible. There are barely any street lights and the little amount of light that is found comes from the shops' lights. Even the roads are not good and get flooded by a little drizzle. It's kind of lonely road. And I was returning home alone. A guy came following me. As the street light got dim, he came closer and he kept saying &quot;you seen the movie 'Sex'? Do you want to do it with me?&quot;
I got scared and went into neighbor's house and he waited outside the house just to see if it was actually my house. There is no street lighting in Skalzangling of Leh Ladakh which causes problems and feeling of non-safety during the night There is very poor street lighting in this area. Harassment The street light and electricity system in the area is pathetic. Power cuts and faulty street light have always been a problem for us. no lights, feels unsafe post sunset it gets very dark and scar, men loiter around and I feel unsafe it gets very dark at night and seems dangerous No Light i experieced a chain snatching incident in the area .its not safe for anyone due to improper lighting whisteling,catcalling and groping has become a frequent thing and no proper lighting is very unsafe for women oogling at women and catcalls the lighting was missing and some people were following us. I am a frequent traveller of Mumbai local trains, just like most of Mumbai women. I take the harbour line train, which goes from Mahim to CST. I have seen many a time after 8 pm the train gets empty, and there is no presence of RPF personnel. The railways should look at increasing security in these routes No proper lighting in the night. No security near the college which leads to having few eve teasers around the college. Unsafe pedestrian bridge connecting borivali east and west Presence of drug addicts below the bridge Presence of anti social elements on the bridge Very deserted in non peak hours like afternoon and after 10 pm Lights do not function Can find broken alcohol bottles, cigarettes and condoms lying about in the early morning. two men ona a bike two men on a bike at night outside grant road station at night outside grant road station While we travel, we are harassed and because of this we cannot go anywhere.It happened in the night around  months back. Whenever I go to the toilet complex, I am harassed. the way is quiet lonely, with no people even at the bus stops. there are only Taxi drivers who stand there and no people walking even at 8 am on the road. the entire stretch, a little ahead of movie time theatre,ramchandra lane extension is very unsafe due to absence of street lights. The entire road is too dark and the filled with potholes. Adding to it is the presence of a liquor shop and a cigaratte shop in the lane attracting young boys who sit and drink till late nights. The lane also has a slum settlement making things worse.The slum dwellers add to the unsafety of the road. This is a complete slum area which is filled with drunkards, drug addicts &amp; this is one of the areas with lots of murder reports now a days.... Beware if you are going there as it is next to the sea &amp; you could be thrown in the sea after torture with no help ... I get scared to take the sky-walk. It is not very crowded as people avoid climbing the stairs. Drug addicts or drunks are seen lingering on the sky walk. Bad Street Lights on Sohna Gurgaon Highway Mathura Highway , Not enough lights on the way during nights. So is not safe for a individual to journey alone. Kurla station very dimly lit and very unsafe There is very poor lighting in this area.Therefore at night it become very difficult for the girls to go out of their house. As a participant criss-crossed the city’s roads during late night hours, it found many stretches of roads including arterial roads like J M Road.

At many of these roads, the streetlights are either dysfunctional or are so dim that they fail to illuminate the roads and pavements. The poorly lit Mumbai-Bangalore bypass is infamous for road mishaps. Poor lighting when walking up Channing to turn on Warring, catcalling as well. being no street light is a bit of a problem in a away that one doesn't see to what is happening and some men taking advantage when small girls play around. Efteasers Poor lighting when walking up Channing to turn on Warring, catcalling as well. 3-4 men staring and started commenting. Sort of eve teasing. No Street lights There is very poor lighting in this area.Therefore at night it become very difficult for the girls to go out of their house. The place is sector 16 of Vashi, Navi Mumbai. It was 10.30 PM, as I got down at the sector 16 bus stop from BEST 525 bus and started walking towards home. The footpath is shady without street lights, so I decided to walk along the road. As I was walking, someone loudly screamed from the footpath ... &quot;ae idhar idhar dekh&quot;. I involuntarily turned in that direction to see a guy (a labourer) masturbating himself and smiling at me as he did so! I was schocked but I didn't wait around. I just turned my back on him and walked away briskly to the spot where there are lights and where there was crowd. He kept following me for sometime but after he found out that I was headed in a direction where there were many people, he turned around and went his way.

I was shaken as I reached home. All I felt was fear. But now that I'm reflecting on it, it feels I should have punched him for good. However, running away was all I could think of at that moment! Poor lighting at mankhurd railway station As a participant criss-crossed the city’s roads during late night hours, it found many stretches of roads including arterial roads like J M Road.

At many of these roads, the streetlights are either dysfunctional or are so dim that they fail to illuminate the roads and pavements. The poorly lit Mumbai-Bangalore bypass is infamous for road mishaps. The Gurgaon Sohna road is very unsafe at night especially if you are alone . With no street lights and less people around, it is very vulnerable The Gurgaon Sohna road is very unsafe at night especially if you are alone . With no street lights and less people around, it is very vulnerable Was stuck in the crowd of Thursday market when a low caste cheap touched me inappropriately 3 times.  On both breasts and ass.was not able to find him first because of crowd...then found him and shouted.Nobody came to help and pretended they heard nothing..Sadly he ran away before I could slap him Once I was walking on the road (in this area) and a guy was trying to chase me or follow me. Feels unsafe due to poor lighting I was heading towards my home. On the way to my home, I was going through subway. I noticed a guy was following me. He followed me for 15 minutes. I called my brother. I was from school at around 7:00 pm when we were walking across the terminus,a group of seven boys appeared and took us to a very thin coridor and started touching us that place had no street lights I was sent to the shop by my mom and their was blackout no lights on the streets,two men started following me,they started touching my private parts I screemed and people came to my rescue I saw a girl being called by some boys,she was around 15 yrs.she laughed and went ahead to follow the boys to a more darker space. three Ladies started calling out on me at night and I felt uncomfortable and embaarrased for I didn’t knw them nor what they wanted on my way to baba dogo clinic there are people who sit along the road hawking their items. They stare at people until you get even surprised and your legs can't walk quickly because they become week.  Then they laugh when you are not able to walk it was too late to my home from my tutorial class and a group of boys were teasing, commenting and whistling to passing by girls and I was one of them  I feel very unsafe and scared with this we were two frens walking on our way to market. in the sub way one guy showed us his private part. it was very disturbing. we don't have enough guts to stand by. next time also he did the same thing and we have stopped using that route my name is sita and this is on behalf of my fren. she was going to home and it was already dark few boys in the group tried to touch her and there was poor street lights she was very scared n have to run I was returning from Airport at 8:30pm.Just then from Boudha i was followed by some boys in bike.I was followed upto my school and i ran as fast as i could. one day when I was walking at evening time where there was poor light and I was all alone. I guess about two guys commented on me. I was so afraid that I didn't even look at them. it was night with low street light a boy whistle and follow me there were no street lights i was returning home from temple there in the way was a tea stall boys smoking there saw me and started to talk up loudly and laughing at me. me n my college fren were returning to our home and one guy came to talk to us and told us he have interesting stuffs to shows us. we were unknown to that person but he insisted us so we went with him to narrow subway and overthere he shows us the pron site. someone was following one lady on the street of jyatha. it has basically poor street light and narrow path. one night when i was coming back home with my family at the middle of the street one boy just used some abusive word to my sister but my family took action but my sister felt very un easy. while going back to home from market, few guys followed me and when there was no light at street they ask money with me when i said i dont have any peny they bit me Touching &amp; molesting some guys were commenting to me and i slapped one of them when i was going to home after school. on my way to home there were some guys after commenting the girls Man showed his private part. There were a few men staring at me and there was poor street lighting I was walking in the road.A man was suspiciously always around me.Till I crossed the road.He then came closer and before he could say or do anything I screamed.He disappeared. a man tried assualting me in a dark street I was going to the market when a car stopped next to me and commented on my clothes and asked me to join them on my way back home, I saw a girl being pulled and pushed by a boy towards his car. When the girl retaliated, she was slapped and hit. After much of hitting and abusing, the girl was hit with blows and thrown on the road and I heard the boy shoutingn that &quot;now you know what happens when you refuse to come along with me to my house&quot; While walking some riders stare, whistle, come close, etc While jogging in my neighborhood I have been catcalled, stalked by car and on foot, had men scream at me for ignoring their whistles and comments and openly ogled.  Once while this was happening, I saw and tried to flag down a police car to help me, but though they saw me, they just drove off. my friend and i were going to the temple, a man started following us and was singing cheap hindi songs. this happened in the evening. whenever i move outside my house, i spot the same guys standing near the corner of my street, they pass comments on me when i pass them. i don't know what to say to them because they are street buggers. a man was leering at me when i was getting back from my tutions. it was late and dark but i can never forget his dirty stares. i was filling water at a tap near my house in balaji chowk. a man came from behind and groped me. it was late at night and poorly lit i was stalked by a man all the way from balaji chowk to my house, i did not know how to make him go away. this happened late at night, it was dark. i noticed i was being stalked by an old man on my way from work. our area is anyway very dangerous and poorly lit, i decided to ignore him and walk as fast as i could. a thief forcefully snatched mine chain and rings at a lonely place. Commenting on my body in night Me and my mom were coming back from my friend's place when two guys with bike started circling us and as it was dark it gave them the opportunity to scare us. Someone touched me inappropriately, near vasu dev school I was walking by and a man came from behind and groped me for some seconds.He then went by me after giving me a long and dirty stare. Drunk boys tried to bully a girl! While walking, 4 men gathered around me and kept staring and whistling. Noone around me helped, until one police man came by and the 4 men went away. The police man was just walking from there and even he did not intervene, before or after. Neither did he encourage a report when I spoke with him. while i was going to home from bus stop, one person followed me and my sister. we were scared. then we walk start slowly but that guy also lower his pace and he was following slowly. he followed us till our home and we got scared I was walking on this street at about 11pm returning from a friend's house. While looking for an auto, this man on a bike stopped next to me. At first I ignored it, but he followed me again and stopped next to me and said &quot;Chal mere sath, paise dunga&quot;. He wanted me to sleep with him for money. I felt dumbstruck and angry and yelled at him, after which he drove away. On a silent street, I saw a girl being taken into a cab and harrassed. A bike rider tried stopping me and when I did not stop, he hauled insults at me saying&quot; your bent legs, you dumb, you are ugly&quot; a man touched my breasts and ran away when i was going to the jungle to ease myself, i was so shocked that i could not respond. my sister was stalked on her way back home from the sunday market. two men on a bike snatched our neighbor's chain in the evening around 8 pm when she was getting back from the market. a guy at my tution center keeps following me to my place, i am scared but if i tell my parents, they will stop me from going for my classes. a man on a bike approached me and made a sexual invite. i just kept ignoring and then he went away. it was really dark. 2 school boys tried groping me and when i started screaming, they ran away. i know they were school boys because they were carrying school bags the bus stop on main road is very unsafe. an auto driver tried pulling me in. it was dark and very few people were around. i somehow got away and ran home. i was going to buy vegetables near the main road petrol pump and had to cross an area where trucks are parked. Men were drunk there and misbehaved with me. they tried to grope me. i screamed and few people came to my rescue. my sister was stalked by two boys on her way to the tuition in the evening. the street lights were not working so she could not see who they were but it scared her. now i drop her. a group of boys asked for sexual favors when i was going to the jungle area to defecate. They keep disturbing me but my parents tell me to ignore them I was out with my friend and we entered an area where there were no lights and badly constructed roads. Three boys tried to sexually abuse my friend poor street lighting and unsafe area near the metro station area near the nsit campus is isolated and quite unsafe poor street lighting near the metro station and an unsafe area for girls even in the broad daylight poor street lighting near the rajapuri bus stop - poor street lighting poor street lighting touching and poor street lighting no street lighting, unsafe to go in the dark a group of guys tried to follow me throughout the r d rajpal way poor street lighting and an unsafe area sexual invites and stalking touching at inappropriate places and poor street lighting drunk rickshaw pullers commenting and ogling poor street lighting and a very unsafe area a very dark area near the metro station and regular incidents of sexual harassment take place a group of guys drinking near the ill lit area and staring at  me continously .. .. no street lights chain snatching
eve teasing stalking.. no street lighting , commenting poor street lighting , and no working red lights chain snatching indecent songs, lack of conveyance , improper street lighting chain snatching Indecent Behaviour groping stalking , no street lighting no street lighting sexual invites , stalking stalking , poor lighting a group of guys were following us on scooty no street lighting poor street lighting stalking a group of boys on bike hooted when i was going with my friends touching , groping girls hostel, poor street lighting touching and groping due to poor street lighting poor street lighting , stalking poor street lighting chain snatching due to por street lighting poor street lighting poor street lighting guys commenting and ogling poor street lighting guys whistling and making indecent comments there was poor street lighting as a result some guys tried to grop me Some guys were making indecent comments chain snatching and molestation -- -- -- poor street light a guy i knew once groped my ass , when i was 11 years old one of my friend was locked in a public bus , she was harassed , she however escaped A group of guys staring at a girl , and no street lights , in the campus Poor street lighting Due to poor street lightning, the area is unsafe Lonely roads Poor lightning Lonely roads lonely roads poor street lights lonely roads accidents at roads, poor street lights and rough roads chain snatching lonely roads, chain snatching in snatching and stealing no street lights, lonely roads lonely roads lonely roads due to poor street lightning cases like theft and robbery took place due to no street lightning, incidents like chain snatching,commenting and whistles are common in the area commenting and staring by local boys poor street lightning One of the male employees was raped after his working hours. The guy was taken away by fake police officers with an intention of interrogation. He was taken away to the outskirts of the city and raped at gunpoint. Stalked by a white wagon R with tinted windows Poor Street Lighting due to poor lighting , wasn't able to catch the people who tried to grope my butt an Accent having no number plates has been following me almost daily, in the streets having poor lights eve teasing in the park , 
it is difficult to walk or go out of the house alone , even in the morning Eve Teasing in the park,
it is difficult to go out of the house alone , even during the day time, I witnessed incidents of eve teasing and harassment with someone I know. Yelling abuses or passing in decent remarks at girls. touching in inappropriate places while i was travelling in a bus, i got down at my stop and started walking towards my house two guys were coming towards me as they passed, they made a cheap comment the road of my hometown after sunset is too dark.there is no street light and chances of getiing robbed is high.And my sisiter was attempted to be robbed and harrased. Two men chain snatching a necklace of an old lady ,no guard or no street light was present people are scared of chain snatching .I have witness bikers entered in residential area and snatching chain and purses from wom en .Incidents of eve taesing are also increasing now a days chain snatching incident. couple of guys on bike snatched the necklace of a woman standing across the street Truck driver touched or tried to sexual harrass me in Mira Road. Be we witness harassment almost everyday.

This happened on the highway opposite Thakur Mall on Dahisar highway at Mira Rd A drunk guy tried to harass in the moving local train. Stalked by a pervert boy till Inorbit Goregaon At the time of bandh in Andhra Pradesh my sister and I were walking on the street which had no lights. Some boys riding on motorbikes tried to touch us and started commenting. The usual ogling with their protruding eyeballs no matter what women wear. My friends and me went to Carter road and we were having some fun. Suddenly my friend noticed a guy taking pictures of us. So we went up to him and told him to show us the phone. And we found the pic, deleted it and slapped the man and walked off. It was after New Year's mass while going for a party, I was eve teased and I complained to the cops. Near Churchgate station I was walking and realised a guy was following me and also masturbating. it was sickening although it was 0830/0900 on a Sunday. The street was dark because the entire road has mostly office buildings or showrooms and there were no people on that street since it was dark.

This was the area outside Churchgate station going towards Marine Lines. The station and itself is very unsafe. The lights are very dim, the signs are badly damaged so women don't have access to emergency escape routes. A lot of harassment happens here due to presence of loiterers who stare at women and pass lewd remarks Filed report 1 a few days ago. The larger buses hiding him have gone but there's still a smaller van sized one on parked next to the building. He was there again today at roughly 9 pm doing the same thing. Called the watchman but he ran away before anything could be done about it. Couldn't even get a look at his face. Man standing between a schoolbus and a building wall on North Avenue in Santacruz (West); masturbating and exposing himself. It was pretty dark between wall and bus, and there are enough bushes to hide him from the watchmen who were just about 10-12 feet away. Initially it was unclear what he was up to owing to how dark it was. But when it did become more evident and I was about to call out to the watchmen he ran away. It's disturbing because there are kids living in the building and around it. This is also right on to a busy arterial lane between linking and sv road. The complete lack of fear of discovery on such a busy location is also disquieting. Just goes to show how even a seemingly highly unlikely and tiny secluded spot can become an opportunity. This is a complete slum area which is filled with drunkards, drug addicts &amp; this is one of the areas with lots of murder reports now a days.... Beware if you are going there as it is next to the sea &amp; you could be thrown in the sea after torture with no help ... The Tardeo Diana bridge is a very unsafe area especially afternoon times and on holidays. a lot of harassment and chain snatching incidents are happening very often as there are many escape routes especially towards the railway lines. Similarly the small lane below the bridge near Bai RFD Panday GIrls High School and the staircase from the bridge leading to the below parsi colony always has drug addicts and such types of people hanging around drinking and smoking drugs. The bridge is so unsafe that a debris truck since the last 3 - 4 years every month practically dumps an entire truck load of debris tight on the bridge and no body has yet caught him. Imagine what can happen to a woman in such an area....The main problem is that the bridge is divided into two police stations and perhaps neglected for the same reason. the entire stretch, a little ahead of movie time theatre,ramchandra lane extension is very unsafe due to absence of street lights. The entire road is too dark and the filled with potholes. Adding to it is the presence of a liquor shop and a cigaratte shop in the lane attracting young boys who sit and drink till late nights. The lane also has a slum settlement making things worse.The slum dwellers add to the unsafety of the road. Hi, The following incident has happened twice with me while walking back home. I was walking in the lane adjacent to kasarvadavli naka leading towards Thane Muncipal Garden side between 8 to 10 pm. Boys passing towards the direction I was walking stopped by..checked me out right on my face and drove ahead. I gave a firm rude look but did not get into verbal fight as the lane was not lit. there were very few people passing by. The most surprising thing... I was dressed in Salwar Kameez on one occasion. Alert One - There is a cheap liqour shack prior Haware residential Project via the lane i was walking...the boys were heading in the same direction which means they either belong to the slums nearby or were heading to chill out at the liquor shack. Alert Two - The place ahead of the liqour shack is deserted ... I have noticed rickshaw drivers and other local boys frequenting this place. Liqour is consumed in open.....I have seen it. The road gets spilt in two directions one to haware proect.. the other heads to a valley like place which is deserted....police needs to have their presence felt here.... Alert Three - These lanes are half lit and some spots completely unlit with street lights Please do something asap about this before a rape / crime takes place. The nearest police station is kasarvadavali police station. many thanks for this website.... The area from Govandi towards Deonar Municipal Colony (west) near 600 tenements where the building are evacuated is very dark during night time. Its very unsafe for women/girls coming home from office in evening. Also the street from Govandi staion (west) towards Tata Nagar is always occupied by hawkers because of which everybody feel unsafe to walk on the road. The auto rickshaw are driving very rashly &amp; with 5+1 people in each in front of police man. Nobody is bother for safety in this Area. Dark places such as subways when it's quiet at night and when there are drunk people in it, makes feel very unsafe. Dim lights and lack of proper signs leading to emergency exits at Mansarovar station I have often observed that the area is very poorly lighted and i get scared to walk over there. Groups of drug addicts, gamblers and alcoholics hang around the road leading from our society to Lower Parel Station making it very unsafe to take that route especially after dark. I am a foreigner, happened to visit carter road, Bandra few days back and i found few of the stretches on carter road are absolutely dark. Found group of men sitting there and passing filthy remarks on women. I get scared to take the sky-walk. It is not very crowded as people avoid climbing the stairs. Drug addicts or drunks are seen lingering on the sky walk. There are insufficient lights on the approach road to cottongreen railway station. There is a constant fear of threat to our lives, while i walk through this dark patch. Car parks are particularly scary ... public spaces after dark or at dusk on your own are not pleasant and I would avoid them. I am conducting a survey at Worli Naka. I feel unsafe while accessing this area. there are congested housing, narrow lanes, it is dark at all times, the men are on the streets and they comments on girls, i feet that they might just do something to me and no one would even come to know. The station lights are very poor and it also lacks proper signs leading to emergency exits. Poor lighting on bandra station. Dark and unsafe at night. The men on the station made me very uncomfortable, they were constantly staring at women passing-by. The station is dimly lit and doesnt even have proper signs towards escape routes. Kurla station very dimly lit and very unsafe Very dim lighting on Churchgate station, plus dangling wires making it very dangerous. Insufficient lights, feels unsafe while travelling in the evening. Asgarali Compound - Gaodevi. Behind the gate near the Landlord's gate. No proper Lighting, Drug addicts and gambling taking place. Unsafe pedestrian bridge connecting borivali east and west Presence of drug addicts below the bridge Presence of anti social elements on the bridge Very deserted in non peak hours like afternoon and after 10 pm Lights do not function Can find broken alcohol bottles, cigarettes and condoms lying about in the early morning a drug addict was found dead there on 23rd September 2013. Rats had eaten away his body while he was unconscious Also, a lot of men stare and pass comments if the female is unaccompanied and bridge deserted I'm a 21 years old college going girl living in Sion. It is very difficult and a scary affair almost everyday, anytime of the day. The most dangerous place is exactly outside the station where there is the underground bridge (subway). Most of the time there is no light at all in this dark underground. Besides this, after exiting from the underground bridge and as you walk towards Shivar Guest House, there are always huge groups of men, including shop keepers sitting all along the wholesale clothes shops going towards the BMC Quaters, who not only make lewd remarks, they also make sexual remarks, and sometimes even attempt unwanted contact. Worse cases have been witnessed but no action has ever been taken. This is just not a fixed group, there are always gangs at this entire area and specially at nights, the lane towards Laxmi baug and the BMC Quarters has a lot of mini ladders where these gangs sit as soon sun sets, and the number increases as time passes and it becomes worse at nights. He was sing song when I was coming from school. I just said that do not do it again, ok. It happened near my house. My friend and I came back home at night and some guys outside a bar in Panvel commented and were whistling. Touched at all possible personal areas of my body. Some guy just rubbed his hand over my butt and one of the other times tried to look inside my top.

This happened at the subway near the CST station because it is dark. CBD Belapur taxi stand, outside the railway station. Goons are wandering in the night. I was in a crowded place so there was 1 person who said to me something very disturbing - &quot;chute chatne degi&quot;. Since it was a crowded place and people were pushing each other I couldn't react instantly. By the time I realised what happened to me he had already left. And otherwise also I don't know how I would have reacted even if he was still standing there. I was walking with my friend around 9-10 p.m. on North Main road, both of us covering our upper bodies with a scarf since it was cold.

A bike slowed down and touched my friend's breast, accelerated and stopped a bit ahead to look at his victim's face (gross), not enough for me to catch him (even though I tried and started shouting at him). This area is really very badly monitored area with 90 percent of rural population.These crimes are very often in this area . some guys walk in scorpio cars and try to kidnap girls...poor lighting after 7 pm