 there is a girl whom boys have been writing a letter to her and putting in her bag there is  a girl who is being disturbed y a boy in the school there are some boys who likes disturbing a girl when she in class even if she has been sent they follow him there is a teacher who likes touching a girl on the breast A girl is asking if a boy comes to your house so that they can do assignment together There is a girl who is being forced by a boy to love him but she is against it,he even threatens to kill her if she don,t do so In our school there is a male teacher who follows pupils and starts touching them There is a girl who is who is being disturbed by a boy who and he even wants to touch her private parts, she is only twelve years and he even call her his wife everyday when a girl has been sent to the shop she is being disturbs y a man there is a man who like following following a girl and she is afraid of telling her parents a girl was sent    to shop and met a man on her way who wanted to rape her and screamed for help as she was running If your neighbor who is a man calls you and asks you to go and buy for him something and when you come back he forces you to sleep with him what should you do? a boy is following a girl in  the same school My cousin was raped 1 year ago and there is a boy who disturbs me and i don't know what to do and i even fear walking in front of boys a girl is complaining that she is being disturbed by a boy there is  a boy who disturbs a certain girl in school and even follows him when she goes to the toilet,she is afraid of telling her parents and she is requesting for help there is a  boy who likes disturbing a girl and even follows her everywhere she goes there is a boy  who follows a girl when she is from school and even if the girl runs he follows her there is a boy ho loves a girl and the girl does not love him and she is asking what should she do? There is a girl who wants his brother to be my boyfriend ,they are even calling me in-law and there are some boys who want to touch the girls in their private parts there is a boy who like disturbing a girl and her friends and they do not know what  he is after there is a man who is forcing a a girl to love him and she do not want and even threatens to kill her with an axe, panga or knife if she don,t do so My  friend in class four is saying that there is a boy in class six who loves her and follows her every time there is a girl who is in love with boy but the boy does not know prefects two are in love in the same class and they make a lot of  noise when in class ,they even go to the toilet together There is a boy who likes calling me and there is a teacher who has the habit of touching girls a boy in class seven is calling a girl his sweet baby a girl was in a relationship with a boy,and they break up due to how people are talking about there relationships then,the boy started bullying the girl even threatening her but she still love the boy there is a boy who is disturbing a girl in the same class a girl is complaining that they are being caned on the buttocks thoroughly by one of the teachers There is a girl who leaves with her sister and the sisters husband sleeps with her severally and she cant speak out because he is the one who provides everything and doesn't want to wrong her sister A girl says that an older man with three children is asking her to date him and put it  as a secret not to tell friends or parents If someone forces you to sleep with him and and you refuses and you have been in a relationship with him for so long and says its time for you to pay back. What should you do? A girl says that there is a boy who disturbs her and wants her to be her girlfriend and always calls her babe A girl says she needs help where she lives there are boys who are disturbing her every time and she also wants mentorship As girls we go through many things .A teacher in a school at Laini Saba takes advantage of girls.please help us A girl was walking then saw two boys catching a girl's buttocks and taking her towards  a dark side of the road girls are complaining that they are being caned on the buttocks and it is against Kenyan law A man threatened a girl that he will end her life if she does not accept to be his woman A older boy disturbing girls always touching them. A teacher caining/beating  girls on buttocks A girl says there is a boy disturbing him at home A girl was walking home and a man tried to hold her by force a girl is being harassed with boys they touch her on the private parts and if she refuses they beat her up and threaten her up some boys like pulling and touching a girl in a corridor when she has been sent to the shop A girl is being forced to have sex with her biological farther and she is requesting for help A girl is being  forced to have sex with her uncle so that he can buy sanitary towels for the girl there are some boys who normally wait for a girl when she is from school and want to touch her breast.They told  her if she refuses they will beat her a girl is asking  that is it right to have sex when you are in your menses Groping and touching Employee was invited to evening hotel room and was indicate that even if she was married the doctor wouldn't mind it. Doctor married too. A man followed a girl who was going to the shop. A teacher canning on the girls on their buttocks as he looked at their thighs. A boy likes seducing a girl at school. a Girl reported that a boy likes starring at her most of the time. A girl reported that a boy likes playing with her and smiling at her during break time. A boy starred at a girl as she was walking along the road. Some starring at a girl as she passes near them. A tall man stared at a girl as she was walking. A man staring at a girl as she passes near the shop. A boy forced a girl to have sex with her in his house A girl is asking  why is it that boys like removing girls the clothes when they want to have sex with them a three year old girl was touched on her private parts and the boy put his penis on the child and urinated on her mouth A girl is complaining about being caned on the buttocks because when she is in her menses it flows a lot and it is embarrassing there is a  boy who like following a girl wherever she goes a girl is asking that there is a man who is in love with her but she do not, want what is the best action to take? A man is forcing a girl to love him by force a motor bike rider was passing and stopped just to say hie to me and told me that he is already in love with me I was in the matatu and one man told me that he is in love with me and requested for my number a woman went to buy medicine from the chemist and found the man who was left to be in charge.  He asked the buyer to sleep with him and all her pain will go off. A boy told me that he loves me but I don't want A boys has been coming after me, I try to avoid him but he is insisting A girl is scared about boys raping girls Boys looking at girls under their dresses when they sit down. A GIRL DISTURBED BY BOYS AFTER SCHOOL. One man just asked me would I spend a night with him? And he spoke while I was stuck in a traffic in auto. there is a teacher who like touching girls on the private parts,caning there buttocks while touching their buttocks asking how many clothes does the girl has a girl traveled to upcountry and met a boy and had sex, when she came back to Nairobi met the same boy seducing other girls girls were being caned on the buttocks Mr Lubanga  cane girls on the buttocks There is a teacher who like caning girls on the buttocks there is a boy who is forcing a girl to have sex with him some teachers  are seducing girls in school there is a boy who like disturbing girls in school A girl caned on her buttocks as her thighs exposed to the rest of her classmate. A girl was caned on her hips by the teacher. A boy told the girl that he want to have sex with her. A girl was told by a boy that he love her as they were from school. A girl disturbed by a man to be his girlfriend. A girl being disturbed by boys who always tell her to have sex with them. A man wanted to have sex with a school girl when the parents were not around in their house. A girl caned by her teacher on her buttocks as her uniform pulling up in front of her classmates. A girl is forced by a man to have sex near their house. A GIRL FORCED TO HAVE SEX BY HER UNCLE AT HIS HOUSE. A girl touched,kissed by a boy in school. There is a boy who likes disturbing a girl in the same school There is  a boy who is in love with another girl but she do not want A boy called Benedict likes touching girls A girl was disturbed when she was from the shop by some boys some girls are being harassed by some men because they are fat and if they do not want they are abused There is a boy in the same class with  a girl and he always wants to touch her A boy likes disturbing girls in class when the teacher is not there Some boys like embarasing girls if they refuse to be there girlfriends When students are from school there is a boy who like disturbing girls like he wan to touch there breast There is a boy who like disturbing a girl in class There is a boy who always disturb a girl  and always insists to touch her A man wanted to sleep with a girl in their house when her mother was not around. There is a boy who disturbs  girl when she is sent to the shop teachers are touching girls first before caning them on the buttocks Joyce do not want to be beaten on the buttocks because it is painful most likely when in period There is a teacher who like beating girls on the buttock and it is prohibited Boys like touching girls during class time when the teacher is not around Teachers like beating girls on the buttocks There is a boy who like touching girls Teachers are folding girls' uniform before they are caned since their pants can be seen It is painful when girls are beaten on the buttocks Teachers like caning girls on the buttocks Sharon do not want to be caned on the buttocks because it is against government some girls when are caned on the buttocks their pants are being seen with their fellow pupils when a girl is passing some boys like calling her and they are telling her that they will rape her Girls do not want to be caned the buttocks when they are in period, they are feeling much  pain A girl had sex before she started her monthly period and she is asking if she will get pregnant Teachers are caning girls on the buttocks There is a teacher who like caning girls on the buttocks Girls are complaining that they are being caned on the buttocks Girls do not want to be caned on the buttocks There is a girl who is complaining not to be caned on the buttocks Girls are being caned on the buttocks There is a boy who like disturbing a girl There is a boy who is seducing a girl and the girl does not want him There is a boy who told a girl that she love her from the same village There is a boy who greeted a girl and touched her on the hands The boyfriend wan to have sex with her girlfriend There is a boy who follows a girl wherever she goes in the village A girl had sex with a boy and she asking how can she prevent her her self from sexual intercourse A boy told a girl when he saw her for the first time that he like her There is a boy disturbs a certain girl and always cries The boyfriend is asking for sex from her girlfriend a boy somewhere is seducing a girl The boyfriend want to have sex with her girlfriend Some boys like calling girls when they are passing on the road There is a boy like following a girl when she goes to get water from a local water vendor There is a boy who usually like following a girl at her home and like calling her wherever she goes Girls are being beaten on the buttocks and also being injured on the private parts Some boys like following girls when they are from school Some boys are disturbing a certain girl after taking bhang and alcohol There is a man who has been following a certain girl anywhere she goes mostly at night A girl's brother connected her with his friend and ended up being in relationship with him and ended up having sex with her a girl went to visit her friend and were invited to take lunch together,then the father of her friend started touching her on her breast and she ended having sex after being given two hundred Girls being caned by male teachers as their uniforms spread up and their thighs exposed to their fellow boys students. There is a man in the village who is seducing young girls and if they refuse he is telling them that they will beat them A girl had sex with a boy and got infected with HIV/AIDS but do not want to inform her parents A girl is having a friend who used to be so proud of herself and did not respect her friends and boys liked touching her in front of her fellow but now she is pregnant A girl and a boy has been dating for 2 years and the boy has been insisting to have sex with the girl A girl was kissed on the breast and lips by a boy A fourteen year old was caned on the buttocks by the teacher and she has a problem, and she do not want The girl was caned on the buttocks by the teacher and she do not want and the teacher insisted till her thighs were exposed A girl was caned on the buttocks by the teacher and pulled up  her uniform in front of her fellow students
   
till her panty was seen a girl was going to the shop and met some boys  and they started touching her two girls were walking from home and met some men on the road late evening, they grabbed one girl and the other one started screaming for help  the girl was taken to hospital by the residents a smart was being called by some boys but she refused to go  but was forced and carried to a near  by bush and was raped N was touched on the buttocks when she was from the bathroom with a boy was sitting near the bathroom and started crying a girl was forced to have sex with three boys when they went for sport some boys called some two girls when they were from school and they refused and they started abusing them there is a girl who is living with her and a step brother,one day the brother forced her to have sex with her when the father was not there some boys attacked a girl when the were at the shop a male teacher told the students to go out when they were being taught n the staffroom an remained with one girl then he started touching heron the privates parts,she reported the teacher and was sent away from school Z was a pupil in a certain school and she used to put on short dresses and boys liked touching her on the private parts the boy is in love with a girl in the same school but the refused to love him back,the boy felt sick four four day then she felt for boy and accepted.He later started touching the girl's face the two are in love and the boy is forcing the girl to have sex with him a boy in the same school is in love with a girl and the girl does  not want him then she was beaten up because she refused Girls are being beaten on there buttocks there is a man who has been harrasing a young wherever they meet . The girl is even of walking at night because she can be harrased a boy told his classmate while in the library that he has fallen in love with her a boy is seducing a girl in the same school a teacher is beating  girls on their buttocks when in monthly periods and it is against the government girls were forced to have sex because of money some girls were forced to have sex  by there parents some girls were forced to have sex with the men around A boy in class six is seducing a girl in the same school and has been waiting for her from school A guy in a car asked me if I would like to spend my night with him?  And I was shocked! A teacher is touching girls on their buttocks and canning their buttocks too. The girl was being touched by her classmates who are boys on her buttocks. The girl was touched by a neighbor on her private part,the neighbor sent her to the shop then when she brought the bread;when she brought the bread,the man started touching her. The girl is being seduced by boys,they disturb her all the time she comes from school. boys are calling girls there sweethearts a boy in class five is seducing a girl  in the same school a  father told her daughter that she want sex with her indirectly with in front her siblings a girl was going to fetch water from a local water vendor and met a boy on the road and asked her for help and she agreed.He then asked for sex but she refused a girl was raped and her friend is asking for help a was asked by her her father  to have sex with her boys are taking advantage of girls a girl is asking that a boy told her to have sex with him and she refused what should she do? boys are touching girls on the buttocks A boy is telling a girl to have sex with her boys like disturbing girls boys are following girls to there place by force some boys are telling a girl to have sex with her a boy is telling a girl to have sex with a girl is being forced by a boy to have sex with him a girl is being seduced by a boy a girl's cousin is telling her to look for men a boy waited for her when she was sent to the shop and it was dark a girl is living with the her ant and brought her an old man to have sex with her a girl got pregnant while in school class seven boys are touching girls on there buttocks seduction from a boy a boy is seducing a girl a boy has been seducing a girl for several time A certain boy in the same class  like telling girls come i have sex you with The boyfriend is forcing her to have sex with her There is a man who has been trying to seduce me for a long time An old man asked me to have sex An old age man asked me for having sex Mr Roshan Kumar, Member of Technical Staff at Global Foundries has been a nightmare for working women. Groping in name of something else, sexual invites and horny expressions are a norm for him. It appears that if he does not talk about sex for few mins in front of his juniors, he will die. That man has abused his power by threatening too. People are scared that they might lose job. He randomly asks women for sexual favors and I am sick of it. Two young boys tried to grab my sister when she went here for running at around 7 pm. This was in 2011. Since there was no one there, one boy grabbed her from behind and the other from the front. But she managed to break free and then shouted and started running towards them. TOok one of them to the police station and kept slapping him till the police asked her to stop/ While I was returning to my hostel. Suddenly a guy came and asked whether I am interested in having sex with him?? he was passing by the corner of Cafe Goodluck,where an unmarried couple were fighting and in that heat the boy slapped the girl.  She was embarrassed and left the spot. He is working in call centre.  So when ladies employer have complained about male customers talking indecently and sexually with giving sexual invitation. In spite that they sensing uncomfortableness by the ladies in their conversation. Yet, they called at times for not business. When they brought to his noticed about this happening he asked them direct such calls to him. So he can take some action against user. She and her Friend were going from joshi wadewale which is located near corporation. One man came in front of them and take down his pant. He did not wear underwear. They were shocked. He went away from them. They tried to found him but he tried hide himself from them. And tried to leave the place. an old man in out village talks women using double meaning words. he give me sexual invited many times. and commented on my body parts one or years ago when i was travelling through bus one drunken man started to touch the girls in the bus. i also became one of the victims. i started crying and after knowing the reason of my tears they started beating him. I was walking around a car show with no bra on and two old men started making really lewd comments An old age man in the Bhekavali village of Mahabaaleshwar used to talk many women indirectly about sexual contact or comments on the sexual capabilities of his own and of others too. Tha incidence happence again and again so date is not fixed. Someone Whistled at me Experienced Masturbation Experienced sexual invites sexual invites given to a college student between 8PM-12AM a night. People pass inappropriate comments and make various facial expressions. Whistle and pass comments and sometimes gives sexual invites He faced sexual invites. Though this incident hasnt changed his way of accessing the location. sexuals invites and commenting the person does not feel safe due to the catcalls and whistling taking place every midnight incidents throughout the colony at night and the father is scared to let her daughters out In this space, I have been sexually harassed in different ways. From a group of men who have verbally assaulted me, to a man chasing me for a few meters. although it has police activity, they generally ignore the complaints A woman from UK was sitting alone and we approached her because although she was sitting alone, she was surrounded by four men who were taking a selfie with her. When we asked her about it, she said they had asked her for a picture and after she had declined, they still took a picture. She said it was the third time that evening that someone had done this to her. While I was speaking to her, multiple times, men came and listened to our conversation and contiued to take pictures with/of her. When I asked them what they wanted, they replied with &quot;they wanted to hear what she was talking.&quot; She also said that she was stalked the previous night from CST to Churchgate. And the man only left when she told him she doesn't drink alcohol. Another man had come up to her on Chowpatty and asked if she wanted to have sex with him. Staring, sexual invites Following, sexual invites, teasing Taking pictures, following, sexual comments यहाँ से महिलाओ को निकलने  मे रास्ता खराब  होगया है । तो लड़कियाँ डरती है ।  जाने  से vhan par agr koi mhila kisi bhi kaam se khdi hoti hai to admi log gallt baat kar ke nikal jate hai me kakarya gai thi to vhan par ladke bhot khrab hote hai or mhilao ke stha coomenting karte hai yhan par bhot bhid hoti hai yahn par ladke mhilao ko dekh kar galt baat se baat karte hani baeral markit ke paad auto ke liye khde hote hai to vhan par ladke log stoking karte hai saam ke vak ladke log daaru pi kar mhilao ke sath commenting karte hai Two men were giving sexual invites by sticking out their tongues and using them in a disgusting manner This is the area that was described as yes for sexual harassment near Jai Hind College and Government Law College, near Churchgate Station. No specifics given. Was standing for auto,
There a boy talked poorly over there. Sham ke samay yhna par daru pi kar mhilao ke sath chedti karte hae . If we stand for auto, then the boys will comment on their ham. यहाँ पर आम पब्लिक का आना होता हें । यहाँ पर महिलाओ के साथ हरेस मेंट बोता हें । यहाँ पर सेफ्टी होना चहिये: यहा पर कई लड़कियों के साथ  रेप हुवा हें । रात के वकत घर से निकल ना ठीक नही होता हें । स्कूल जाते समय भी लड़के बसस्टॉप तक पीछा करते हें । Pedicab cyclist follows behind pedestrian and then blocks her way and grabs her, expecting her to just quietly give in. Sexually assaulting na LGBT'S harassing Male The boys are following. Touches. Let's tease with girls. Goes wrong. is visatr mae raat ke taime nikalna bhot khrarab hota hae yan daru pi kar ladkiyo ke sath khara baat karte hae, chepirog  rod  hospital follwing  in  school no. 5.6 After sitting on bench next to stranger and then moving off, man said goodbye then he hoped to see me later, then he hoped to see me soon, real soon, then he shouted &quot;im gonna get that&quot; and made disgusting noises I was stalked at the Beach in Mumbai Witnessed an obscene incident today where a man at the entrance of the palladium building was masterbating in public. The law broken comes under Section 294b. This incident has been reported before but no action seems to taken as no security personnel was present there. Irene was raped when she was in class six by her neighbour but was helped and now she is back in school In the year 2016 mmcc boys hostel had a ill mannered rector. There lived 2 young boys in a room. The rector would go to their room and sleep naked and force them to follow as he would ask. On getting knowledge to college faculty he was expelled from college. This is what he noticed while working in a restaurant where there were waitresses employed.  The customers would try talking to them indecently and touch them inappropriately. She was coming library at 9 am. One man asked her about the time. Same time he was doing masterbusion. I was scared. I ignored it and went away. ये बश्ती मे आदिवासी सामाज के लोग रहेते हें  । यहाँ पर साम के वक़त बहोत खराब महौल होता हें । पूरी  बस्ती के लोग दारू पीते हें । दो बार  ईश विस्तार मे रेप हूँवा हें । यहाँ पर सिक्यूरिटी  की जरूरत हें । The boys of our expansion are very bad.
Commenting on the coming of the ladies, they comment. During the night the girl had entered the house and raped the girl ladkiki yonima prathmikshlaka tichar shkrbhina ugliyadali payjama kulavake My niece was sexually assaulted when sent in an errand. Her cloths were torn by the harasser who rough handled her when she was trying to escape. Commenting about her hip and figure, that he would sleep with her. On my street, i get harassed daily by the guys. They comment about my boobs and buttocks,and say the will have sex with me one day.they touch indecently but i always run from them. They do this because there is no street light. A woman was thrown out of the house with her baby without food for two weeks. She depended on passersby for her and baby feeding. She was being harassed and taking advantaged of by hoodlums.Her child too was exposed to danger. : I was job hunting and this man promise to get me a job, so i gave him my phone number because he asked. He called me the following day to come and meet him in a place. When i got there, he asked for sex and promise to give me the job and money, if i had sex with him. On my way from work every evening, i see guys smoking indian hemp, touching and having sex in the dark by the road side at the bus stop. But i mind my own business.On a faithful day, i came across a girl being violated, on wanting to help her, i was badly beaten and my purse and phone stolen. Kindly help us map this area, so people will be aware and avoid being raped and harassed. For a week in the morning when I found be taking my dog for a walk, a milkman on a bike would follow me and times try to talk to me. I felt extremely uncomfortable and went home in tears. This continued for a week and no one cared to stop the man. It was not until my father intervened that he stopped. I wished that someone who was witnessing it had helped me. For a week in the morning when I found be taking my dog for a walk, a milkman on a bike would follow me and times try to talk to me. I felt extremely uncomfortable and went home in tears. This continued for a week and no one cared to stop the man. It was not until my father intervened that he stopped. I wished that someone who was witnessing it had helped me. sexual invites I was walking out to grab a bus to reach my college. This guy asks me for time and I reply back. He asks me again and when I looked back at him, he flashes his penis and informs me to have sex with him. I felt offended but i was not able to do anything but t walk away, still he followed me for a wile and left Staring at people while passing from Kings Cirlce Station to
Throwing stones/Acid and passing comments to Mahim Station. Singing songs
Vulgar comments
Whistling 
Pressing bodies in public transport
and Touching. I've heard that the girls are facing problems like snatching and staring at the Bandra East Station. Singing out loud cheap songs, a man was found giving sexual invites to us at mid- night. I was coming back from station. There was a guy who used to sit at a specific spot and whenever a girl passed by, he used to urinate facing towards the girl. Someone pelted stones on our room window which faces a secluded street and when we looked down, a man was masturbating on the street. i was sexually assaulted after a night of drinks with friends by acquaintance . he tried to forcefully get my clothing off . A girl was sexually abused and groped in public during holi. My flatmate was coming back from Amity University by Ola. The driver switched off his phone and and started navigating on a different route. He was trying to take her off to a malicious route but she jumped off the cab. I was coming back to my flat from my job in greater noida ,two boys followed my auto and were saying &quot;How much do I charge for one night.&quot; groped while waiting in the line of metro
groped while in the DTC bus
catcalls and whistling A man around age 0f 50 years by touching me inappropriately in the wave pool fun and food village gurgaon THIS SURVEY IS CARRIED BY SAFECITY (RED DOT FOUNDATION) ALONG WITH ITS SAFETY AUDIT AT STREET MARKETS IN MUMBAI. I went Thamel with my friends.It was around 11pm.I came outside from the hotel to buy cigarettes and one 3rd gender came to me and tried to touch my body and inviting me for a night&gt;i pushed her and ran away from there. My boss always asked me to go outside with him.He use to take me to cafe and restaurants and speak nonsense.One day he took me to Dulikhel by saying that he will pay my salary. Somebody was pulling my hand while I was walking in the street. I was dragged by a stranger holding very hard and was forcing me to dance along with them in the office anniversary party. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. A girl was harassed and not supported by family.
At the school campus. A group of boys sit and tease and stare at girls. EVEN catcall and comment and touch all. It happens everyday with lots of girls. When I'm mostly travelling in buses, trains et. It's happened to me. touched inappropriately at the station. Indecent exposure I was being followed while on my way back home . DTC bus; CP-Chandni Chowk. I have experienced indecent exposure,  touching and prodding. In DTC bus, 764, Nehru Place, New Delhi. People used to touch Private Parts. It happened in Gurgaon. happened in the bus from hauz khas metro station i was going back home and 2 boys started whistling a friend of mine was taken to a brothel. she was new to the city and didnt know who to contact. my neighbor tried to touch me Happened when I was in school,in an auto that i used to take regularly. The auto driver used to harrasment. Told my parents one day and stopped travelling with him This incident happened with one of my friends, near the railway line of Chanakyapuri, one man came and was continuously commenting and stalking. It was a horrible experience. A policemen.Looked drunk by his eyes.Me and my friends were going home and she stopped us , shaked hands and gave those hand signals to me. I was going to my friends place for the first timr. I was in a cab at one end of a bridge and asked for directions. Two people came ahead right inside the cab peeping from the window asking for sexual invites and touching. Touching, sexual invites- scream and pushed him. Touching, staring, sexual invites, commenting Being a student I travel daily There is not a single reason Sexual invites, passing lure comments. Stalking, Staring, Touching, Invites. Physically harassed &amp; sexual invites. Making facial expressions &amp; staring continuously in an awkward way. Also face physical harassment. She is a govt. official and there are times when she feels unsafe due to overcrowded area. Ogling, Groping, Sexual Invites Touching/Groping, Commenting, Ogling, Sexual Invites Commenting, Ogling, Touching, Sexual Invites Ogling, Sexual Invites, Commenting, Touching, Stalking Touching Sexual Invites, Touching/Groping,Ogling Touching/Groping, Commenting, Ogling, Sexual Invites Stalking, Staring, Groping, Sexual Invites In Jaipur, my college backpack, I worked out and went out for shopping. I was pumped up. A 45 year old Sikh man on a splender bike came to me and directly asked me to have sex with hi.
2) at various apps like webchat and all , I do showoff little bi and have been approached and asked gay relations.
Until and unless strong punishments live non- bailable prison for min 20-25 years or death punishment. Rape has happened are happening and will still happen. Awareness will come when punishments will be in practice. I would like to share that about a year ago when I was in Manipur there the people were behaving not like normal. In the train Vellor to Bhopal In a beer bar after it closed two girls who were there are hit by some men When she refused to go with them. I was travelling in the Delhi metro and a man was staring at a girl with the intention full of lust.
After a decent amount of time I couldn't take it and I stood in his point of view and gave him a casual look. Fortunately that sent the message. In Bhilwara, there is a labour colony, where during my visit for apartment hunting some labours bullied my group and showed us knife for just being on the side of the road. My project manager has been harassing me repeatedly with sexual invites and immodest talks. A police man was behaving in inappropriate ways with some gay men. alot of guys pass comments while going through. Guys touch or try to press your butts eve teased in the trains and slapped too. drunk men were harassing. happened during the morning time a month ago. Being sexually harassed at night. a random man on a bike stopped me and a few school going girls and flashed us, laughed and ran away a 5 year old girl was touched on her private part by a young man who tried to defile her This has happened twice now that random bikers ask me if I want to come with them. The first time happened a month ago at around 7:30 pm when I was walking on the forever deserted footpath from wadala station and then this biker first asks me for directions and then asks me if I want to come along with him and he continues to follow me till I take out my phone and he leaves. The second time happened on Saturday 13th August 2016 at 10:30 pm when I was walking near Wadala station and this biker stopped his bike right in front of me and started using different facial expressions. Thankfully my parents came to pick me up at that time. But the biker managed to get away before I could complain. The entire R A Kidwai road stretch has been very dangerous and scary for women to walk on because of the deserted street. My Chain was snatched while I was in the rickshaw. After school, i was walking back to my home, a mid 20's guy, seems to be educated but still did something soo cheap, by making bad comments that makes me afraid to travel alone. I felt annoying and unsafe.. After that incident, i m afraid to travel alone after college. I was passing through a street when some men started to pass vulgar comments This incident has happened to me twice in the same area with the same man, over a period of two years. In January 2014, the mentioned man, then a slightly chubby, balding guy, had crossed my path while i was just a block away from my home. He looks decent, and uses a bike which i now realise, has license plates that are half broken or absent. he then crossed me and came back, stood on the opposite side of the road with his penis sticking out of his pants and asking me to take a look. he was masturbating. I was too shocked to react and by the time I did ,, he had taken off on his back. Recently, the same man, who is now balder and fatter, once again crossed my path on the same road, this time i was near my building. the man was once again on a bike, but a nicer looking black and red sports bike. He had worn shorts and t shirt that people wear to a gym. all black. he came back, again maintaining a safe distance from me, this time he said very derogatory and vulgar things about my private parts, along with what he wanted to do with them. seeing him again , triggered memories of 2014 and i was frozen for a second, but once again when i did react he escaped on his bike. to me he now seems like a serial molester, with a modus operandi of targeting girls/women in that area, in the wee hours of morning, on a bike with no plates. I am certain he lives in that area too. I had been to Bali for a vaccation with my family, I came out of my hotel prior my family, wanting to click pictures and then a car driver says &quot; I love to fuck Indians&quot;. I was so furious, I went back to the hotel and his cheap mentality ruined one fun day of my trip. sexual harrasement during office hours It happened in the month of May 2014. I was waiting for bus to go home back from duty.I had to wait for more than half an hour. There were three to four members scattered in the bus stop.suddenly an auto passed by my side. I gave way and stood aside just to see who all are there in that auto.I could not see any passengers .suddenly that auto stopped just 2-3 yards away from me.The auto man got down and started facing me and calling me with a mischievous smile. I got scared. Seeing  my fearful face he came nearer. I was helpless. there were no ladies standing near me. i was so scared so scared ,praying and calling God inside silently. All of a sudden my bus came and i just rushed into it. I was saved .Thank GOd. I came home and told my husband he asked me if i noted the number of the autorickshaw. How can i at that time .My mind was not working out of fear. nothing could be done. At times these are pathetic situation for Ladies . It's kind of lonely road. And I was returning home alone. A guy came following me. As the street light got dim, he came closer and he kept saying &quot;you seen the movie 'Sex'? Do you want to do it with me?&quot;
I got scared and went into neighbor's house and he waited outside the house just to see if it was actually my house. I was called through sexual invites in the evening by a creepy person I experienced someone asking for sexual invites when I was alone passing by a deserted lane Like every other morning I was jogging towards the central park when two boys suddenly started jogging behind me and started whistling and asking me to look back at them as they made kissing sounds. There were no people on the streets at that time and they looked pretty drunk to me. They hurled abuses and asked how much for a night. Somehow I escaped the situation but when is this all every going to stop ?? sexual invites by acquaintance Majority of individuals from the LGBT group over here works on signal, and the rest either do not tell anyone that they belong to this group or work as prostitutes. 

One of the very famous suburbs of the metropolitan has become home for many LGBTs. People, especially teenagers, boys, harass them frequently. 

People see such LGBTs on that signal either dancing in front of cars or as prostitutes. This is not something that has happened once or twice, but happens every day to this group. 

Students from different universities of Karachi started a campaign to end harassment, and as a result, some progress has been seen. Me and my friend went to Mcleod Ganj for a trip. There at about 8pm we left Illiterati cafe and headed towards our hotel. The road was ill lit, with hardly any people. The passers by and the people going in their cars started whistling and commenting, and stopped a few times in front of us. The experience was quite frightening since we were outnumbered, it was dark and a completely new place. I was travelling in a bus on delhi merut highway (NH 58). I was siting somewhere middle in the bus row.
Position was the second column in 2 seater side. A girl age around 16 was siting next to the gap of walking.
--* *- Something similar to our positions.
A guy age 24-25 walk by the the passage and stood between us filling the passage gap.
He faced towards the girl having back portion towards me.
His lower part and the face level of the girl were approx the same level because hi was standing and the girl was siting. 
He pushed himself towards the girl using the bus movements many times.
The girl was siting with her face down and eyes closed. she was terrified.
I  left my seat so that i could give place to that person who was standing and can indirectly help the girl so i walked to a little distance and stood there. but even tough the seat was vacant the man did not took that seat. It was really shameful. I wish i could have done some more help to that girl. 3 guys on the bike started howling and started sexual invites on a busy street A boy was on his way to his home. His house is situated at Karachi's most crowded street - Tariq Road. He, alone, was walking towards his apartments, when he saw a group of girls coming on the opposite direction the boy was going. He stopped and gave way to group so that they could go first.
All of a sudden one the girls stopped and put her hand on his waist, and he got shocked. He lost his senses that moment, when her hand touched waist. A minute later, when he came to his senses, he saw that group hooting and making fun of him. 
He didn't do anything. He thought, when he will inform people about this incident, people would either laugh at him or would not believe. 
It's not only girls but also boys who are being harassed in the entire global community. I was touched and groped while traveling in the Delhi metro train's general compartmet. Two guys passing sexual invites along with stalking I was waiting for a metro and a guy standing behind me was commenting and staring at me. I was sitting at the bus stop as I have to every single day at 6:40 for my bus, it's quite deserted and very few people are up and about. Many times I've had men come up on bikes and jeer and cat call me and make horrible sexual remakrks. Once a guy rode up on a bike and started taking pictures of me and I had to duck. Recently when I was walking there in the evening around 6 so not that &quot;late&quot; in the span of 5 minutes two auto drivers drove up to me on the middle of full traffic and made disgusting remarks at me. the boys in the taxi adjacent to mine just turned to me started passing very lewd comments and laughing. a girl who was standing in her balcony faced a horrendous sight when a man sitting in the car showed her his private parts and asked her to join him. There was a family function in my home when my harasser wanted to intimidate with me. he kept laughing loudly to attract attention,then made bad gestures relating to a woman's body parts. it was not possible to ignore him, he seemed mental There are some unsafe hotels in mussorie who attract people by their cheap rates and then harrase them Bus conductor rubbing his body against mine while going around for tickets. Touched at all possible personal areas of my body. Some guy just rubbed his hand over my butt and one of the other times tried to look inside my top. Reporting this from an experience of a friend. She walks to the bus stand every morning to catch her morning bus to office. On the way, she often comes across middle aged men ogling at women and at times occasionally budging her by elbow and trying to touch her. Please avoid walking on the pavements here if you can. I was going to my campus once when a boy at the bus station wanted to come with me. I told him not to follow, but he tried to follow me to a bus and the bus driver threw him out.

Once we had a group of foreigners walking in a city when one guy started following us everywhere and in the end he started asking whether we have ever had sex etc. When I was travelling with my girl friends to . The bus halted somewhere for a min break. We were roaming and taking pictures and suddenly a man exposed his body and started waving it towards us. We were embarrassed and moved ahead. The month and date and location are all approximate. Two men near the auto stand blocked my way and started snatching my dupatta I was going to pick up my son from the school. Four men sitting in an auto riksha, they looked drunk, started passing obscene comments about me and openly started asking me to have sex. I was so scared that what if someone hears them and blames me because i am a woman. I just ran as fast as i could. Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Choglamsar (Leh) (evening)
Catcalls- at Choglamsar, Leh market and school in Leh (evening/day time)
Commenting- at school and Leh market (day time)
Touching- at school (day time)
Sexual invites- at Choglamsar (evening)
Others- asking for phone number (day time) Age: 18 years
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Leh market near Yebhi showroom (day time)
Catcalls- in classroom at school in Leh (day time)
Commenting- “zesma lay” (looking beautiful) (day time)
Sexual invites- yes (evening) Age: 18 years old
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Ibex Colony in Leh (day time)
Catcalls- at Skalzangling taxi stand in Leh (day time)
Commenting- “deymo thong duk” (looking nice) (day time)
Sexual invites- yes (day time) Age: 19 years
Type of harassment:
Staring/Ogling- at Choglamsar (Leh) (day time)
Stalking- at Leh main bazaar (day time)
Catcalls/Whistles- at Housing Colony in Leh (day time)
Sexual invites- yes (evening) Age: 15 years
Type of harassment:
Staring/Ogling- in market (day time)
Stalking- in Leh market on 15th August, 2015 (evening)
Catcalls- on 15th August, 2015 (evening)
Sexual invites- yes (evening) A friend of mine had sexually harassed in the bus,though the seat of other bus was vacant that old guy sat near by her and keep on touching her intentionally then she didn't want to create a scene and get off from the bus though it wasn't her stop. Age: 18 years old
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Ibex Colony in Leh (day time)
Catcalls- at Skalzangling taxi stand in Leh (day time)
Commenting- “deymo thong duk” (looking nice) (day time)
Sexual invites- yes (day time) Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Taking pictures- on 28th March, 2016 in Agling (Leh) (evening)
Catcalls/Whistles- at Skalzangling and Leh market in 2016 (day time)
Commenting- at school in Leh (day time)
Sexual invites- at Leh market (day time)
Others- asking for phone number (evening) a girl was deeply depressed because she was sexually abused when a man in public showed her his private parts which frightened her very much . azadpur is an area where one can expect to have some discomfort especially with girls.a girl standing there had to go through serious torcher when a man selling vegetables touched his private parts to invite her I was standing in my balcony at 9:00 pm.whan a guy comes closer to my society.It was dark and nobody was out. He just started peeling off his pants... That was a horrible experience and that day I realise what MASTERBATION is. When walking here it gets dark at times in inner lanes, men keep commenting and will even find ways to touch you where they can This is one of the most talked about incident to be heared from the people living in the vicinity of the 5th block colony, koramangala, bangalore. A man covered in black masque would perform activities that would horrify the people especially students staying in that particular location. This  mostly happens during the afternoon at around 5:30- 6:00, though the timings diversify. A man stops at one of the shady location right in front of the Baithani high school and sometime it would be right outside Lakshmi park, he would try to seek attention or imbibe fear on the minds of people walking alongside the road and most of it would be done when a girl would pass by him. This are things which is considered not so normal in our society, things like opening your undergarments and showing your most private areas especially to young teenage girls. it happens most of the time in the evening when college going girls would come out of their hostel or pg's for a stroll. The reason is yet not known by anyone and even police are still searching for these masque men . The place is sector 16 of Vashi, Navi Mumbai. It was 10.30 PM, as I got down at the sector 16 bus stop from BEST 525 bus and started walking towards home. The footpath is shady without street lights, so I decided to walk along the road. As I was walking, someone loudly screamed from the footpath ... &quot;ae idhar idhar dekh&quot;. I involuntarily turned in that direction to see a guy (a labourer) masturbating himself and smiling at me as he did so! I was schocked but I didn't wait around. I just turned my back on him and walked away briskly to the spot where there are lights and where there was crowd. He kept following me for sometime but after he found out that I was headed in a direction where there were many people, he turned around and went his way.

I was shaken as I reached home. All I felt was fear. But now that I'm reflecting on it, it feels I should have punched him for good. However, running away was all I could think of at that moment! my colleague, also a senior at work, kept forcing me to take a lift from him. despite my refusals, he kept calling me, texting me and following me after work. it all stopped when i confronted him and told him that i am not interested and that i'll complain to the management about this. it's fine now a male member kept forcing me to go out with me, verbally as well as on mails. he would also try and talk to me outside the workplace and follow me once i left the office premises. my friend was being sexually harassed by someone in a high position. finally she had to leave the job but later she complained to the hr. the hr started to organize workshops after that few months back, my maid had gone to our usual drycleaner. the dry cleaner inappropriately asked her to join him in the house, she insisted for her to come upstairs. this angered my maid and she told him to behave or she'll complain. i know of someone who was being sexually harassed by her reporting manager and finally she left the organization because no visible action was taken by the senior management On 13th cross,8th main, an auto rickshaw man asked for sexual favours showing money. I couldn't understand at first because of language problem but later I understood when he showed me the middle finger. i was given a sexual remark Was invited to sit in a car with four men this report will allow you to understand why girls are forced to commit suicide. You might be seeing on tv and news these days, how girls commit suicide because of blackmailing and sexual harassment. This is my story. I am 15. I had gone to visit my friend and on her street i noticed a guy staring at me. He was 18 or 19. He even winked at me, whistled, commented and what not. I ignored him and paced to my friend's place. I told her about this incident and she was mad at me, she wanted to go and confront that guy. We forgot about him and talked about ourselves for the rest of the afternoon. In the evening, i was totally shocked when i saw the same guy enter my friend's house. she introduced him as her brother and that's when i was speechless. the guy grinned at me dirtily and went to his room. My friend that day had got me a dress and she wanted me to try it on and show it to her. I was in no mood, i was disgusted, i wanted to shout at her brother, tell my friend all about him, but i kept quiet. I succumbed to her pressure and went and changed my dress. After showing her the dress, when i was going back to change into my original one, i noticed him standing near the staircase smiling in an evil way. He blocked my way, held my hand and forced me to see a video on his one. I was horrified when i saw its my video while i was changing my clothes in the toilet. i started crying and begged him to delete it. he said he will only if i have sex with him. at that moment as i was pleading and begging, i don't know how i got the strength to slap him. my friend heard the noise and came out where we were, i told her everything, she was speechless and did not know how to react. she cried and said many things to her brother. things were never the same after that, neither was i. Catcalls, comments, lots of ogling, some stalking, and sexual invites in Khan Market. Groups of men gathered, especially around the parking lot, blocking our path. They were staring, laughing, and making sexually explicit comments. More groups of men appeared after 4pm. While waiting for a cab, we tried to hide in a cafe. Also, intimidating area as some alleys are just filled with men, especially after 4pm. Commenting, catcalls, sexual invites, so much ogling, some stalking. Shopping with my mother in the early afternoon. Groups of men gathered, blocking our way, staring, laughing, making comments. Very intimidating to tourists. More groups gather after 4pm. It was especially bad near the stores/cafes near the parking lot. While waiting for a cab, we tried to go into cafes to avoid the men because we felt so unsafe. While shopping, it got difficult to find our way around and getting directions/help was difficult. Some alleys were filled with only men. it was after my tutorial class while i was returning home a group of girls were teasing me and giving a sign of sexual invitation One of the boy from my community was blackmailing a girl to have sex with him. Later he was arrested by police after she complained to police. one day i was walking from home to school. i got my shoes damaged and i went to cobbler to fix it but i dont find anyone in the shop so i went to next shop for this purpose but a man from   my back followed me and catch my hand and uses rough words an invited me for sexual activities it was a alley so i was too scared and i found a stone and hit him ran away from there and enter in one of the house there to make myself safe.now i avoid that way which recall me that incident. it happened to my sister. She used to go to college early in the morning. on that day, she was shown sexual organs and she was done unsafe sexual behavior. one day I was at home sitting outside the door,our neighbour called me in his house and cheated me with sweets A certain man told me that I have sexy thighs and he would like to kiss them,he was a stranger. I was on my way home and as I was passing by the olympic stage,a man winkled at me then I avoided him but he walked towards me and asked me for my number and claiming that am a beautiful girl I walked very fast and never saw him again A man my neighbour told me to visit him so that we can have sex but I refused I was going to the shop at night a certai man was showing me some money and told me tha he wants me to be his girlfriend there are some men at darajani who call girls when passing and tell them that they want something important to tell the girls and also promissing to the girls some money a man deceived a young lady that he wants to send her to the shop when the girl went to the house the man closed the door There was a time when some woman used to live with many girls orphans young girls but she was using them as sex workers,she used to take money from old men in exchange she would give the girls to men for sexual plessure one day teacher told us that on prayers day we bring 50 people per student and that we will have a party and then boys from our class told me that on that day I'll shake it for them some old men around Darajani area like giving school girls some money on their way to or from school a boy called a girl and told her that she was so beautiful and would want her in bed my sister were sitted outside our door when two boys passed by and started saying that we were beautiful and they would love have us in bed he asked me to come and greet him in his house where he tried to take advantage of me when I  went to the staffroom, there were no teachers apart from mr. Ondigo who told me to go to his house .i was scared and ran away my landloard and his wife have a routine of drinking silly and going naked while he calls out for girls a man invited a girl to come and help him fetch water and get paid .the girl went and when she was done the man locked the door and after a couple of hours the girl came out with money I saw a girl being called by some boys,she was around 15 yrs.she laughed and went ahead to follow the boys to a more darker space. my friend calls me over on a weekend and I go.on reaching there the guy gets weired with me that’s when he told me he wanted to sleep with me. He is gay.. men sitting around kamkunji area tell us that they would give us money if we slept with them. If we tell them &quot;NO&quot; they insult us saying that we wil age as they watch I was from the bank going back home when a man acroos the street in a car called me,I went and on reaching there he touched my butt and asked me to go with him .i was afraid and ran home asians around there give money for sexual favours a man I know incists on taking me to bed but I fear telling him off I had this boy who to me was like a brother.  He was almost 24 years of age, heinvited me at his place where he stripped naked before me and told me to feel at home. I was so uncomfortable A man cheated a young girl with money and brought her to his house in pretence that he wanted to semd her to the shop.  He inserted his fingers into this chld's vagina A lady wanted assistance from some man, instead he took advantage of the situation and requested her for a date The boy showing video near the Church always try to lure school girls into having sex with them. A lady was called to bring cigarretes to a man who was in a private car.  She brought the cigarettes and when this man was giving her money, he clinged in the ladies hand talking to her in low tone.  The lady realized this man had hidden intensions, she removed her hands leaving the moneh.  the man dropped the money and drove away faster. a neighbour sent a girl of age 12 to buy milk, on her way back the man caught her hands and told her to go in the curtain.  The girl shouted and the man left her.  She ran to a neighbouring house and told the story.  As this story was catching fire, this man disappeared. a man asked if it possible to go with him, told him do not have that time there is a girl who is always sent by some man and then get paid and then he tells the girl to sleep with him and not to tell anyone some girl was bought for chips worth Kshs.10 by some boy and told to eat as they go to relax in his house there is an old man in our plot who cheats young girls to go into his house to relax I asked two security guards for a route to Easy Coach bus terminuls.  They asked for my phone number first so as to get me the route.  After giving them they asked  me for a date and begun following me as I went.  I stopped and told him am married which he did not believe and i kept on walking I have always belived that you do not just ask for direction from any person but people like security officers.  This day I asked a traffic police officer for direction.  After assisting me he asked for my phone number and from that day he keeps on inviting me for a date with him.  this man looked like 50+ years and probably had children of my age or even older.  i wouldn't imagine being a mistress to a man old enough to be my father. I was going home yesterday to my grandma's place when I met this boy that studied in our schoo, I was carrying things in both my hands. I strethced my hands so he could greet my wrist but instead he hugged me so tight. I then pulled away and he said I looked beautiful and sexy.  i was mnot copmfortable with his comments but i said thank you.  he later invited me to his house to cook for him but i declined since he was taking the conversation too far and also considaering the way he was looking at me. A friend of mine was invited for a date. Little did she know that she was being invited to a lodgingl room.  When they were inside she asked why the boy had booked the room. The boy smiled and told her that he has been hiding his feelings for the lady for a long time and wanted to tell her that day.  the boy removed his clothes expecting the lady to do the same but she refused and folded herself in a corner frightened until the boy left her. was walking looking for a saloonist when some men who were seated at a pub behind the makina drive road at a path way started commenting and whistling, one of them held my hand and pulled me towards him asking me for my phone number and it I can go to his ouse.  i pulled of and sped off quickly. I was walking towards my Church at Jamhuri estate, a man standing by the road side approached me and asked me if am Rose. I told him no and then he asked me my name. I did not say anything because he was too strange to me and sped off and went. an elderly woman advanced sexually a young man and on refusing she reported him to police on a false claim of harrasement A girl was walking from the shop home. She met two patroling police officers, they approached her asking her where she got the sweater she had on.  She told them &quot;got it from my father who is a security officer&quot;  they insisted on arresting her because the sweater resembled that of police officers.  they walked her into the Lawcourt compound and started touching her breasts and buttocks some two guys came looking for a form three girl in the neighbourhood.  They saw her mother instead of the easter they came looking for and ran away. a girl aged 12yrs was playing at the undugu grounds then some boys asked her to take them to their aunt. She was given some money and told not to tell anyone.She went and they raped her another girl is usually disturbed by boys around the rea because she left school and was sent away by her mum. It is suspected that the girl sleeps around with these boys for favors. there is a man who  always tells me to get in his house for him to give me food, drinks and to spend my time there the men who seat next to the railway line opposite human needs centre kept calling one of the teenage girls passing by for sex a young man was trying to seduce two girls for sexual activity but it happened they were drunk and did not agree to the man's offer. He was touching their behind and the ladies abused him some boys were standing along the street and were asking some young girls to go and drink with them in one of the pubs and all their bills to be paid. on my way home from school, I met this woman in a benz, she stopped the car and asked to speak to me then she started telling me that she was attracted to me. She said she wanted us to have a thing and she then made it clear to me that she was homosexual I saw a school girl being touched by some girls and over heard them telling her to sleep with them she went to pick her brother from school in the evening when she met up with her brothers teacher. He invited her over to his house promising to give her a lot of money she then saw a packet of condoms in his pocket and took off when at the shop she met an old man and they started talking and the man promised to buy her things and even tried to touch her but she ran an old man promised to buy her a touch screen phone if she accepts to sleep with him a certain man in a car was offering me a lift but I refused and ran away Her uncle wanted to kiss her and promised to buy her anything that she needs a certain woman called me to offer me lift. Whe I entered her car she drove me to unknown place she was ocassionally seduced by the dad but one time he tried to rape her. She screamed and while screaming the dad tied up her mouth my friend and I were coming from school when it started raining. As we were running to find a place to shelter we found an old man who told us to go lie with him I heard that my friend left school and went to get married when I was going to the shop there was a girl who was also coming towards the shop. As I left the shop I saw her standing with an old man whom from the conversation I heard this man was trying to go against her wishes. I hear that he lated raped her three men were telling me that I should follow them to their homes and I ran away I was walking when a man came and started telling me that nowadays I have stopped talking to him and told me to go with him to his house my sister went to visit a certain boy and then that boy wanted them to have sex but my sister refused and found out that the guy had a drug he was about to put it in my sisters drink but he was cought before he did it, then my sister ran away came home and told me the story I was fetching water under the railwayline,some young men started calling me telling me that they have much money and they are ready to give me some so that I could buy chips (french fries) we were in a matatu with two young girls from olympic to Makina. The girls were to alight at karanja stage but the tout convinced them to go with him to town to talk more as he was also touching them I was planning to buy a socks. As it was evening time and shops were being closed. There I saw a woolen shop where I thought I could get a pair of socks so I asked if I can buy a pair of socks. He said that I was looking beautiful. He wanted to make friend. He asked me to hug him. I refused and wanted to go. He gave me gold chain and tried to persuade me to have sex. I came out and told my friends. they came and threatened the guy. harassing by calling and repeatedly saying that he will kill himself if i won't accept his proposal. we were two frens walking on our way to market. in the sub way one guy showed us his private part. it was very disturbing. we don't have enough guts to stand by. next time also he did the same thing and we have stopped using that route One of my friend was passing by the bus park area where a gang of hoodlums commented on her and teased her. They even humiliated her in front of others. I used to be in relationship with my ex. We used to go on date at different places. he started asking me for physical relationship. Later he started forcing me to have this. I couldn't share this with my parents but when I asked my friends for suggestion they asked me to quit relationship and I did so. when I was walking on the road, one man came to a girl, touched her and commented, ' O sexy! give me a chance'. he followed her too. Verbal sexual harassment, sexual invites,touching, etc. it happened on while i was in grade 10.early in the morning around 6am. i bid my mother and left for school. it was near to my home a about 40 years old man facing towards bushes when i got near to him he started making wired sounds as i glanced a short view i saw that he was holding his penis and was shaking it i was so afraid and i call my mom and told her about it and she help me to go school One of the friend tried to touch and invited to have sex. He used to harass while going to morning coaching class with him, even in school premises. when i was home alone one of my cousion call me and asked me if i was alone at home then suddenly one of my sister came for my company and when he saw her he ran away without entering to my home at school teacher harass us by saying that they love us and touching us while teaching us. its very disturbing act in the institution like school. me n my college fren were returning to our home and one guy came to talk to us and told us he have interesting stuffs to shows us. we were unknown to that person but he insisted us so we went with him to narrow subway and overthere he shows us the pron site. i observe some kind of harassment inside the movie hall. the girl was denying but the guy was forcefully touching her. Random fb sexual request, commenting and cat calls on the lane. while me and my friend were crossing the road, a random guy on the signal was sitting on his bike and called us. We thought he needed some help but we came to know that it was only for fulfilling his pathetic desires when my friend was travelling through a sharing auto, the guy sitting next to her in an unpleasant way. One Day i went to shopping store and one unknown girl ask me my cell number. I was followed by a drunk man. I was groped by a man and also forced upon by a woman. i was touched inappropriately touched by the watchman. In a bus a guy came &amp; sat beside me even though it was ladies seat.And spread his legs &amp; was purposely trying to touch me,showing it was accident. I was shopping with my best friend when this random guy there started eyeing us and singing songs. Once while walking across the bridge , my friend was shoved and pushed and the stranger grabbed his hold on her chest. tuition teacher used to touch in the chest and used to talk about sex and show pornographic video sexual invite from fb to me some boys used to tease girls and one day they called me to stay there one boy invite me for sex on fb. A MONTH AGO A GUY CALLED ME AT MID NIGHT N TRY TALK DIRTY THINGS. sexual invite from my own friend one fake id was made on my name and he used to send unnessary mgs to other people on face book unknown person send me unnecessary mgs on my facebook.and he also used to send pics on fb ONE GROUP OF BOYS WEAR DOING SOMETHING WRONG TO A GIRL. My cousin came for a meal at my home. After having meal we were having some talks, he was touching my body unnecessarily and it was like inviting for sex. He is my boss and Facebook friend. He send me vulgar messages and comments unnecessary things. When I was waiting for my brother in law, some unknown guy asked me to go with him. One of my friend was given a sexual invite as well as touched improperly by her relative. At first she didn't do anything but when the incident took place again she warned her relative for his doings. I was waiting for my friend in kingsway. There came a man in a motorbike and asked me &quot;lets go&quot;. At that time I didn't knew that it was sexual invite. they call us and tell us that they will buy for us anything we want they say that they will go and launch with us inside the hotel I was going to school when I met a man forcing a girl to smoke bhang so that he would have sex with the girl a girl was being cheated to sleep with an adult but she did not want a girl ran away from home to go and sleep out with men two men called my friend and when she went there they gave her some money several girls at siloam in silanga are staying in this rescue centre with no security. Most of them are being exploited to sexual activities and other forms of abuse leading to early pregnancies the uncle wanted to kiss her and promised to buy her anything she needs our neighbour sent me to the shop and when I came back he gave me soda to drink and later gave me 200shillings and promised to do anything for me as long as I became his fiance a girl was coming from school and she met a man who was driving. The man called her and promised to buy her anything she needed and even gave her his contacts A man told a girl that she should go see him because he wanted to touch her a girl was coming from school heading home when she was called for a sweet by a man and she went. She was then raped by the man. This man called me one day and I ran a way A man commented on my appearence and inditacted sexual invites while doing so A man was making inappropriate actions to me A man tried to give me signals in an inappropriate manner several girls were rescued at a video den in mashimoni village where they were being exploited to pornographic films at the video hall several girls at siloam in silanga are staying in this rescue centre with no security. Most of them are being exploited to sexual activities and other forms of abuse leading to early pregnancies when i was going to the toilet complex, i noticed a guy staring at me, when i looked at him, he started making indecent gestures. after using the toilet, i went to the market with my mother, i noticed the same guy there. he went away when he saw my mother is around this report is of my friend's. she was being harassed by the cleaner in her school. he would stare at her inappropriately and make advances we don't have toilets in our house so we have to go to a nearby complex. few boys standing around the toilet formed a group and started commenting on me and my body and even tried peeping into the toilet i was going to the toilet complex and i was stared at by men standing there as if they'll strip me with their eyes. this is not the first time it happened, it happens almost always and i dread this time of the day the most 3 months back i was being harassed by a man to an extent that it depressed me and changed my lifestyle completely. i was scared about everything, even going out for work. on my way back from work, this guy would follow me from the bhoomiya dev temple on the main road to wherever i went. he even clicked pictures of me on his phone. he told people around me that he loves me and would slit his wrist if i dont come to him. he even threatened me that he'll harm me with a blade if he saw me with someone else. i do not know how it ended but it was the worst thing happening to me whenever i go to the toilet, the guys standing there pass obscene comments and make it so difficult for me to use the toilet. they do this all the time a guy unknown to me keeps following me and asks me for kisses. my friend is always harassed by the same guy near the toilet complex in sanjay camp. no one around her helps and she is scared a guy tried grabbing the hand of my friend forcibly in dakshinpuri h-block my friend was being troubled by a guy who kept misbehaving in a sexual way making her very uncomfortable. this happened in sanjay camp gali no. 1 my friend was being harassed by a guy in her neighborhood in sanjay camp. he would make gestures hinting at physical intimacy this incident happened to a friend of mine. she met a man near her street where she lives. he would keep looking at her. she kept ignoring him. he tried talking to her and becoming friendly. he insisted that they talk on the phone and she shared her phone number. he started sending her obscene sexual messages. i called up that guy and shouted at him, he has now stopped bothering my friend my own uncle harassed me when i was alone with him. i was walking alone a guy shows his penis and drives off(as he was in scooty) a guy kept his hand on my waist and started saying pathetic things a man forcing himself on me I was going to college for my exam, two bikers blocked my way and asked for sexual favors, I pushed them and ran sexual invites 2 men approached me in the market to go to the nearest hotel. Just because I am a foreigner, they thought I am available a man called me hijra and said he will do bad things to me I was commented at my so many men outside a movie hall, I left without watching the movie my friend was followed by 2 men from metro station, she tried looking out for a police officer but did not see anyone she could trust to help her I was on  the bus when I heard some men making comments me, I did not look behind to see who they were I was asked for sexual favors by a group of men in a park where I went for my walk the metro station is very scary in the evenings, the riksha men gang up, on one evening, a riksha puller tried getting physical with me I was on my way to the metro station, a man on the bike passed obscene comments and asked me to come sit on his bike my college friend commented on my short dress in the canteen, said it is instigating him to do bad things to me I was abused by my uncle in the park, he pretended that he is trying to remove something from my neck and then he kissed me there. I could not stop crying I was going to the market when a car approached me and said he can drop me, when I refused he said that sex will be good catcalls and sexual invitations riksha guy misbehaved with me, pulled my dupatta an auto driver asked me for sex I was waiting for the metro at the platform, a man kept commenting at me in low whispers a guy from behind came to me and asked for sexual favors I was commented at a by a group of boys, the comments were so dirty, I feel ashamed of our societty I was stopped by a man on the road, he tried touching my breasts a man started singing obscene bhojpuri songs when I was looking in his direction a boy from my school is sending me obscene messages to sleep with him and follows me too my friend tried kissing me forcibly in the park my friend was stopped by 2 boys who forced her to kiss them one by one a boy flashed his privates at me. It was so disgusting because he was so young I was coming home from work and a man on the street asked me to sit in his car and go with him I was waiting for my sister at the metro station, boys standing around started asking for sexual favors an uncle at a local shop touched my hand inappropriately I was followed from the metro station by a guy on the bike, I pretended to be on the phone I had gone to get ice cream and I noticed 5 men who looked drunk there, I turned around and started walking away, but they made sexual invites from afar my uncle owns a shop and my mom sends me there to buy stuff, he tries to touch me inappropriately. He should be ashamed of himself. 2 school boys pulled my hair outside my school and said they will do dirty things to me my boyfriend slapped me in a public space and tried to force himself on me. No one came to help me I avoid going out after 8 pm, but this time I had to go to the chemist, two drunk men misbehaved with me there one of my friends is doing bjmc and she got an internship at the newschannel and the producer of that show would tell her his personal sexual experiences which is one kind of an exploitation of youngsters my colleague was being harassed by her manager and when she complained to the HR they refused to believe her. My colleague believes that because the manager was contributing to the revenue profile of the company, they did not say anything to him. ultimately, she resigned. one of my friends got an invitation from his female colleague to have sex with him my school friend was harassed outside her school, few boys standing around started clicking her pictures and told her to have sex with them I am a male and even I feel unsafe on north campus once its late because some people drink mostly around the backyard of Hansraj college and VC office in kamla nagar. They misbehave not only with girls but also men and there is no police around. Few drunk men around a month ago made sexual invites I was going to the market when a car stopped next to me and commented on my clothes and asked me to join them I was commented at by strange men near the ramjas red light after I got out of my college, they were making sexual remarks The man used to abuse the girl oftenly buying her and other girls chips and sweets. i was sexual invited by 3rd person A man was following me as i was walking on the road. A teenage boy harrassed me in public. My friend's stepmother doesn't care much for her and so her brother used to assault her. Their mother knew of this but still didn't say anything but one day my friend stood up for herself and shouted at him in front of the society and now he's serving 6 months of jail time. While jogging in my neighborhood I have been catcalled, stalked by car and on foot, had men scream at me for ignoring their whistles and comments and openly ogled.  Once while this was happening, I saw and tried to flag down a police car to help me, but though they saw me, they just drove off. An unknown man was seated next to a group of girls in Row F in theatre nbr 2. They were watching the newly released Minion movie. Shortly after interval this man took his pants off and flashed his penis at these innocent girls and then sat down and defecated . Right there. 
Horrifying and Sickening. 

They complained to the cinema authorities and they took the man to task i was going to school in the morning to give my exams, not many people were around, a man came out of nowhere and started pulling my skirt, i started shouting and kicking him, he slapped me and then ran away. i felt so humiliated, i skipped my exam and went and sat in the park alone all day i was molested by two men who were passing me on a bike. they pulled my dupatta and groped my breasts. this happened in the evening, there were people around but no one helped me i was getting back home from school. a man approached me with an ice cream and told me to take it. when i took it from him, he started touching me wrongly, i threw the ice cream and ran away my friend and i were in the shukar bazaar for some shopping. a man approached my friend and started forcing her to go with him. a shopkeeper came to our rescue. this happened in the afternoon, most other people just stood there and laughed at us and told us that we girls deserve this my friend and i were going back home from school, 2 boys in their school uniform started following us and commenting on us. one boy made fun of my friend's breasts. these boys always stand outside girl's schools and create problems for us my friend told us about this incident in school. on her way here, she was stopped by a guy who held her wrist and started asking for a kiss my friend and i were going to the temple, a man started following us and was singing cheap hindi songs. this happened in the evening. i was going to a party with my friend. we were nicely dressed that day and wanted to get to the party sooner so we took a short cut through dda park. 3 men were sitting near the entrance, they followed us and then misbehaved with us. they touched my friend inappropriately. we somehow got away i was going back home from school through dda park. boys sitting there started laughing at me and passing comments and even made sexual invites it happened to my friend in DDA park in the afternoon. she was getting back home from school after her exams when 3-4 boys around her started whistling and commenting on her. they told her they will come back in the night and take her away a man held my wrist near balaji chowk and asked for sexual favors. i pushed him and ran away an old uncle keeps staring at me and makes suggestive facial expressions. i am so young, he should be ashamed of himself. this happens near 40 foota road, kali mata mandir, phase 3 this happened to my friend. she was getting back from the shop when few men approached her and started misbehaving with her, they commented on her and asked for sexual favors. this happened in rajhans vihar in the afternoon i work as a cook in a bungalow near my house. my employer came to the kitchen and touched my breasts, i told him to go away but he kept abusing me. i was going to my school in deep vihar. a boy approached me and took my hand by force. he tried groping me and wanted me to come with him. i somehow pushed him and ran away. this happened early in the morning, not many people were around. my neighbor's soon kept asking me for sexual invites whenever he spotted me in the street. one day he just entered my house and told me that he just wants to be friends. this happened near som bazaar in vikas nagar. i was getting back from school in the afternoon. few boys had ganged up and were commenting on me. i confronted them and got into an abusive argument with them, during this, i slapped one of the boys. they were stunned and apologized for their behavior. i was going to my school in shiv vihar. i noticed a boy following me. when i asked me why he was doing this, he started groping and touching me. i started shouting and told him to go away, he then abused and slapped me. he pushed me, i fell to the ground. he went away and i ran to school after that. this happened early in the morning. my brother in law misbehaved with me in the street near our house. he was asking for sexual favors. i told no one about it because no one will believe me. this happened near balaji chowk i was molested at murga chowk. 2 men snatched my dupatta and started touching me inappropriately in broad daylight. its horrifying that we are not safe even during the day my father in law made sexual advances towards me when we were both going to the wednesday market. he asked me to kiss him after we got home. i was horrified. i told my mother in law about it. she told me that i need to live with this and not tell my husband about it or she will send me to my parents'. a boy kept coming to the street where my house is. he would sing sexually suggestive songs and whistle whenever i passed him i was getting back home from work when a group of men started passing horrible comments on me, my character and my clothes. i did not know how to react, i am a married woman and had i said anything, the people in our society would have blamed me. this happened near kali mata mandir. this incident happened on 40 foota road, vikas nagar, phase 3. 2 men molested my friend in a street near her house. this incident happened at my sister's wedding. a boy kept clicking my pictures. when i confronted him, he told me that he likes me and told me to come to a private place with him. when i refused, he threatened that he'll tell everyone that i wanted to run away with him. i was so scared, i just did not know what to do. i went back home and did not get out for a few days. this happened near kali mata mandir. i was at my relative's place. my aunt had gone out and i was alone at home with my uncle. he called me to his room and told me to sit close to him. he then started touching my personal body parts and tore my inner when i shouted. when i started screaming, he got up to run away and threatened that if i told anyone, he will hurt me badly. a man near my house would keep staring at me. he then started following me to my school. one day he came really close and started whispering sexually suggestive things and even tried touching me inappropriately. i did not go to school for a few days and i was very scared to inform my mother also about it. this happens near hanuman mandir in vikas nagar. boys stand outside our school and stare and pass lewd comments at us. this happens almost everyday. my school is in hastsal. a man near my house keeps staring at me whenever i step outside. he passes comments at me and places lewd songs. he told me he wants to marry me. when i confided in my mom about me, she got really angry and started beating me up. she did not talk to me for days after that. a girl is always blamed even when she is right. my house is in b-block, near wednesday market where this happens. two men misbehaved with me on my way back from school in the afternoon. i was washing clothes in my house when a strange man entered my house. he told me to take 100 rupees and give me a kiss. i shouted out to my mother and told her about it. she told me that this man works with my father and will never do such a thing. she did not believe me. my friend had gone to the market in the evening. a guy approached and told her that he likes her and wants to be friends with her, when she told him to go away, he made sexual comments. the girl told her mother about it who in turn blamed her for not wearing the right clothes when going out. a friend of mine was abused by a man in the market. he passed dirty comments and tried touching her inappropriately this happened in the afternoon near the drain near uttam nagar east metro station. few men were whistling at me and staying dirty things, i told people around me about it but they just ignored me. since i was alone, i just went back home fast. i was sexually molested by a man in the street i live in. it was dark and no one was around to save me. a shopkeeper used to misbehave with girls by telling them lies that he will help them with filling up the LIC forms. he would invite them home and touch them inappropriately. this happened in shiv vihar. i had gone to the market late in the evening. the shopkeeper first spoke to me about the weather and then he started talking dirty with me. an old man held my wrist forcibly and tried forcing himself on me. I ran away. this happened in the evening at balaji chowk. i had gone to a photo studio to get passport size pictures clicked. The guy told me to collect them the next day. When i went there the next day, he was there all by himself. He told me i am beautiful and i should pose for pictures, when i refused, he started forcing himself on me. I pushed him and ran out. I decided not to tell anyone about this because they would have blamed me only. She was a student of inifd. In 2015, Her institution organized a fashion show.  The program was over at 12 am. She and her friend were coming together. At apte road, one guy invite them to sit on his bike and he went forward and was waiting for them. Meanwhile her friend came to pick up them and she returned to her hostel. I was standing in buspark gongabu waiting my friend and two girls came and standby by my side and were asking to have sex with them He does not feel safe at the stations because of the crowd Stalking, Staring, Groping, Sexual Invites Hi, In BMTC Mejastic platform many strange men will be roamimg for time pass. where their behavior will be very embarrassing for women/girls. they will be showing their reproductive organs at women/girls. they will be hardly trying touch ladies sensitive parts when ladies hurry in catching buses. please consider this as big problem for ladies. near shivaji market, pushp vihar, new delhi, someone was stalking me I was on my college road, travelling for a km distance just to take a auto. In a meanwhile two people in car came close to me and asked for the address. Then suddenly they started dragging me inside the car. I started shouting and people nearby to me came and those 2 people ran away. It happened in the Local train. While travelling in general compartment. As i was waiting to get down at ghatkopar station i was surrounded by many people mojority being males. Suddenly i felt a person who was trying to embarras me by showing out his private part to me. I was disgusted and furious. I happened to be screaming on him and made a scene in front of everyone and told them what he did. Too bad i didn't bash him, as i was in shock at that moment. It was a shame to encounter such a scene. Faced the harassment from bus conductor in bus I was going to catch my college bus, it was morning hours. The park is small and shortcut for main road. I decided to take that, suddenly a man peeing at far distance started approaching towards me, I speed up to avoid him. He suddenly started passing comments and ask to have sex with him. It was strange, and I always made sure that I have a company to cross that park. Faced disgusting comments and catcalls multiple times when i was returning from coaching it was rainy season, not many people were around. someone was whistling and making sexual invites.it seemed too odd, I somehow managed to escape there are so many incidents i have experienced but the one i want to write here happened a year ago when a girl of 4-5 years who was been raped by his own neighbor and her parents took her to the same hospital where i was taking treatment was doing shopping when i saw a shopkeeper giving me sexual invites a friend of mine was abused asa child One teenage boy was openly inviting a girl to have sex with him. roads and inner road (subways) of dhobichaur are unsafe in the evening. while walking during evening time one guy invited me to have sex with him. boys on d road side saying chalti h ky . i had nothing to do feeling so in secure i took a auto n moved. i was walking to my home after school and while i was walking one boy just came infront of me and told me that he loves me. i didnt knew that guy so i ignored him but he was continuously following me and no body helped me With my neighbor sister of age around 23 is sexually harassed by boy who work in doha, qatar by posting nacked and unwanted pronographic video on her fake fb id. This person always text me in my phone and writes what he is doing, where he has gone, how spent all his day, when even i have told him not to write n tries to lure me with different things, I have blocked him but he still send me message from different numbers I was followed by some biker who was also passing comments. My neighbor wants to have sex with me when there is noone at home he comes and shows different gestures Iam always haraased by my own father I was with one of my mail friend and some guy stared at me as if he wanted me to invite for intercourse/sex. I was asleep in my room one of my maternal cousin brother who was living in our home for one year  touched me inappropriately giving a sexual invite. I just pushed him and got down in living room. I couldn't talk about this with my family members. One of my girl friend was traveling alone in the bus where an old man made weird facial expression giving sexual invite as well as touched her. She was so uncomfortable and scared. One of my colleague asked me to go with him out of Kathmandu valley. I rejected him and stopped talking to him. One of my colleague used to pass comment on me as well as asked me to go in hotel  with him. One of my college friend was waiting for bus. Just then there came old man invited her for sex. She ignored him and went to the place where there were many people. I was sexually harassed by a man. I was in a public space when i saw a man doing offensive actions. I was waiting for my friend to come back from a shop. Soon a man started doing something unusual and was literally making me feel uncomfortable. as i was walking down the street a man came up to me ans asked me for a one night stand. those words made me numb. i was clueless. as he approached me again i pushed him hard and ran. i kept running till i reached to public area. I was walking on this street at about 11pm returning from a friend's house. While looking for an auto, this man on a bike stopped next to me. At first I ignored it, but he followed me again and stopped next to me and said &quot;Chal mere sath, paise dunga&quot;. He wanted me to sleep with him for money. I felt dumbstruck and angry and yelled at him, after which he drove away. One woman in her 40's, status single, sexually harassed by her driver. She complained to police but they refused to write an FIR. After showing evidence of mobile and and influence of a political party, FIR was done by police. My friend came home and noticing that no one is around, he tried to forcefully kiss me and touch me inappropriately. My friend was raped by her tuition teacher. My friend was raped by her tuition teacher. My friend was raped by her tuition teacher. A 9 year old child is a maid to a man. He used to harrass her repeatedly and finally raped her. On a silent street, I saw a girl being taken into a cab and harrassed. I was in the car with my uncle and my sister alongwith my uncle's friend going to my village and my uncle touched me in an inappropriate place. commenting Harassment in office Near Hardrock cafe.. man tried to grope This happened to a friend of mine who went to the market to buy some vegetable .On her way back,she met some boys who came out of the bush and started insulting her because she refused the request of one of them. A girl was almost raped in her own house by thiefs who came to her neighbour to steal.This girl was saved because of me when they came to take my school shoes. I intend to report this to the police. I am a 16 year old married to a young boy of 25 years.We agreed that I will be going to school while in his house but suprisingly he wants us to start having children out of my wish. It has brought serious problems that he tears my pants because he wants us to have sex even in my unsafe period . A neighbour of mine was seriously beaten when she was in class six because she refused to have sex with her classmate. I was raped  by my husband.I was not in the mood of having sex at the moment he requested because I was afraid of unwanted pregnancy .It agraviated to the extent that it broke into a fight . I was raped by an armed robber who came to my house .When he  discovered there was no money he decided to rape me.I was five months pregnant when the incident happened. It happened a bout 4 years ago. This is an incident that happened to a friend of mine.They both had a disagreement which the girl thought that it had been somewhat solved.They left and went to study.On her her back,her boyfriend met her and starts to beat her.The girl was so embarassed and it made her to stay in the house because of the disgrace One day there was this girl who was chased into the bush by young boys just because she did not accept to date their friend,so they wanted to have sex with her but thank God she wasn't raped afterall because passers by helped her when they heard her screaming. It happened in the stadium when some three girls came infront of me harassing me.One of them told me to that is should have sex with her and she was dressed sexually.As a gentleman,I had to refuse It started one day on campus where we were having a socio-cultural night on Campus.I was called by a group of girls and they asked me to give them some money, then I refused and they later slapped me and removed my dress and were doing something ugly to me. she invited me to come and eat in her house,then when I came she started romancing(caressing) me.When I asked her where the food was she behaved as if nothing was happening.I got angry and I left. A friend of mine was raped. She was planned by a group of boys who she dated at once .She had a date with her boyfriend.On their way,she never knew that she had been planned by the other boys who came and took her to the field and raped her until she went unconscious I was slapped by an unknown person,when I went to check the metre.He came and slapped me making me to believe that I opened his own meter when I didn't.Having nothing else in mind than pain and tears ,I hurriedly went home and reported to my mum. It all happened to my friend.It was one evening when she was returning from school where she went to study.It was about 8pm a guy who had been asking her on a date and she refused sexually abused her with two of his other friends. A lady in the faculty of Arts was asked to date a lecturer before she could pass a course.That is what the lady told me. A man has been having sex with his daughter since a tender age of 16 years.This man was caught on the 26th of December 2014 having sex with his daughter .Upon enquiry the girl age ranging from 14-16  years confessed that this has been going on she was 6 years old. A girl was sexually harassed in dirty south in the night.It happened while I was in my room.The victim was seriously harmed and taken to the hospital by some good hearted  people that came out at the time. A  girl was invited by a man to his hotel room so as to have sex with her under the notion of he was going to sponsor her education and provide for her. He always makes comments to her like you have good breasts, good shaped buttocks and gorgeous eyes Three  years ago ,a class mate of mine was sent out of school because of coloured shoes.She did not go home but rather waited in the near by bushes waiting for school to close.Unfortunately for her a farmer harassed her sexually and she was raped at the end. My friend and I went to an occasion and she was tipsy that is she was drunk.I had been planning to have her either directly or indirectly.When she was way too drunk, I immediately committed a sin which was rape It is about a friend who attended an evening school. On her way back home, she was sexually harassed by a bike man.It was so serious that she could not go home after the incident.She was found in the morning when he came to harvest his tomatoes in his farm and found her lying unshakeable It was on a sartuday morning when my friend had an appointment to catch with a guy and all of a sudden the taxi she entered was a rascal who took her in a bush and badly raped her untill she fell unconscious.She was taken to the hospital and given energy and the next minute she passed away. Sexual harassment of my friend. She attended an evening school.On her way home,she took a bike at the park on reaching the house ,the bike man who carried her raped her in a plantation.it was very touching because she was unable to get up but was found in the morning and was taken to the hospital. sexual harassment. My younger brother was harassed for raping a girl and getting her pregnant.This incident occurred in my family house in Mutengene on the 7th of May 2014. A girl of age 16 was raped and her sexual organs cut off.This happened when the parents sent her to a close by shop to get some goods and along the way the terrible incident occurred He wanted to rape me because he wanted us to go out together and I refused,then one day he surprised me and wanted to rape me A friend of mine who lives beside our house is usaully harassed.When she is going out to read, a man by name John, always harass her because he has an advantage over her but she did not like the idea. It happened to a girl child of age 6 who was sexually abused by a 3o year old  in the quarter in the village where she grew up Rape and sexual assault. A girl was putting on a short cloth passing on a road .So the boys were admiring her because of the way she was dressed and that made one boy to sexually harass her. I went to grind spices for cooking and a guy I don't even know just came up to me and held me tight when I complained, he gave me a kiss. I went to drop an application and was told to go to the boss' house. He grabbed me seriously and started harassing me .I finally ran out and escaped. A taxi driver harassed a girl at University of Buea Junction that the girl has not completely paid her taxi fare.From the girl's explanation, they agreed on 150 frs and when the girl was giving the money, the driver said her fare was 200 frs so the girl left and the driver came out shouting. She was at the mile 17 park about to travel to douala ,when a boy frequently came around and gave her faces she did not like . It was on the 23rd of Dec. during xmas eve when a friend left the house to meet with her uncle.On going there she entered a motor cycle and another man sat behind her. When the man alighted the girl was waiting for the motor cycle to start moving when she felt someone hit her behind her neck ,she collapsed.The next morning,a woman saw her and took her to the hospital .The doctor said she had been raped. It was on the 18th August 2014 ,when my friend was sexually harrassed in the landlord's house by the landlord's son.It was when   everybody had gone to the farm so she was left behind and went to watch TV at the Neighbours house ,she felt asleep and suddenly felt a strong force on top of her.It was the landlord's son and he raped her. One Saturday after the evening class in my school .A 14 year old girl was moving along the okada park in molyko.A man was pretending to help the girl to their house.On their way, the man carried her to the bush and started harassing the girl sexually for about 3 hours until she fainted and was discovered by other poeple one hot afternoon ,I was about to go and see my friend off to her house . I met an old friend and was very happy to  go see where he lives. After seeing where he lives he asked me to wait or if I prefer to go see off my friend become I come meet him back.So i told him that i will better stay than to go and come back.AS i was in his house,he went to his friend and paid him one thousand without my knowledge so that he will use his room.He went and closed the door and told me that i will sleep with him before he lets me go.I was very confused and he ceased my shoes.At last i removed my expensive bangle and gave him before he allowed me to go. I was moving on the street and a man older than I am moved towards me and started smiling and holding my hand and pulling me towards his own body. It was me. I was twelve years old .An electrician used to come to fix some problems.He often came home.He he comes. I stay with him when he is working so that he won't be alone.He used to touch my breasts and all my body. A case of my classmate: she was reading in school on one Sunday morning when an unknown man appeared at the widow of the class where she was.The man stood for a long time watching the girl while she was reading and started asking the girl questions after which he entered the class with a cutlass asking the girl to undress.The girl also played a trick on him and escaped but she was wounded on her hand by the man. A friend of mine was sexually harassed and she explained everything to me as a good friend. She went to a guy's house and the guy was in his sexual mode and forced the girl to bed,when she refused the guy got her well beaten and because of this she has vowed never to visit a boy in his house. I was in my room one evening and I heard a knock on my door .I opened the door and the visitor was a long time friend .She entered my room and she started kissing, romancing, and undressing me.I asked her what was going on and she replied&quot; I want to have sex with you&quot; . sexual harassment at home while working as a househelp in order to earn a living .The harassment took place in the night.I was druged and raped by the master. A bike rider tried stopping me and when I did not stop, he hauled insults at me saying&quot; your bent legs, you dumb, you are ugly&quot; At about 6:30pm ,I visited a friend in his cité. We had a conversation for about 1 hour . After that he moved beside me.He started touching my thighs &amp; chest with his hands . I resisted. He moved back towards the door and closed it . Seeing what he had done, I left the room to the balcony where people could see me. He sat on his bed &amp; said I will only leave that environment after he had slept with me.I had to stay at the balcony for 2 hrs crying and pleading for him to let me go. He refused.After 1 hour he decided to let me go when I called my friend on phone who came up to my rescue. To avoid problems , I decided to not go to the police and let go of the case. i was in kamla nagar, it was around 8 pm, a group of boys, who looked like college students, splashed beer on my dress. i ran away as fast as i could and told my friends about it. we did not want to report to the police because we have to study here for the next 2 years. i was waiting for a bus when two men on the bike came close and started singing lewd songs. no one stopped them. i just took the next bus that came, even though it wasn't the one i was supposed to board. 4 boys outside the sunday market made sexual invites towards my friends. they even followed them  for a certain distance and then disappeared. my friends just ignored. this is very common in this area. an old lady was pulled into the bushes by a man when she went there to ease herself. He groped her breasts and bit her also. She was rescued by a shopkeeper nearby. Most people don't have toilets i  n their houses, she doesn't too. two bikers tried snatching my dupatta near the bus stop. they took the dupatta away and i ran to a corner. an old man was exposing his private parts near the bus stop and passing dirty comments. a man on a bike approached me and made a sexual invite. i just kept ignoring and then he went away. my sister came home crying because of the lewd comments a man passed at her. he said he wanted to take her home and do dirty things. she skipped school for ten days out of fear after that. i run a stall of basic goods. I am here till 10 pm every night. One night around 10 pm when i was packing up to go home, a man came and started making sexual invites. he went away when i threatened to call the police. it was really dark. 2 school boys tried groping me and when i started screaming, they ran away. i know they were school boys because they were carrying school bags my sister and i were going home after work. Truck drivers passed such dirty comments, few of them were drunk. we took a u-turn and took the longer route back home. the bus stop on main road is very unsafe. an auto driver tried pulling me in. it was dark and very few people were around. i somehow got away and ran home. 2 men on their bikes made sexual invites towards me in broad day light and with people around at the bus stop. No one stopped them,they blamed me for be here all by myself. Lal kuan is very unsafe and i don't like living here. i have stopped using the block e main road because men and even young boys just stand there and stare, sometimes even passing dirty remarks. i run a tea stall near the lal kuan petrol pump and mostly cater to men who are truck drivers. On one night around 10 pm, three drunk men came to my stall and started passing lewd comments after which one of them pulled my dupatta. My son who is just 8 went and called for help. I am poor and a woman so people blamed me. No point calling the police because they are corrupt and will team up with the men. i was going to buy vegetables near the main road petrol pump and had to cross an area where trucks are parked. Men were drunk there and misbehaved with me. they tried to grope me. i screamed and few people came to my rescue. men stand near the truck shed behind the main road petrol pump and abuse women. Most of them get drunk in the evenings and comment on women passing that area. I have stopped using that road now. a group of boys asked for sexual favors when i was going to the jungle area to defecate. They keep disturbing me but my parents tell me to ignore them It was an event which was objectionable. Taking pictures and passing sexually toned remarks I was returning from a club at night with a few friends when a few guys came and stopped and asked us &quot;Kya rate hai?&quot; (What is your rate?)
When we shooed them away, they followed us. At the metro station I was shown bad gestures. I ignored. A teenaged girl was going towards the metro station. Suddenly a car came near her. The boys sitting in the car, opened the window and gazed towards her in a very awkward manner. Then said &quot;let's go now.&quot; Wanted to get physical on the metro I went for my morning walk when I saw a man approaching me. He was masturbating and inviting me by saying &quot;Aaja raja&quot; (Come come) Boys come near the PG and forced a girl to say &quot;I love you&quot; One guy standing on the streets threw some water through the window. I went to see what happened and saw him masturbating in front of us. Few school boys were sitting on the street and we (2 girls and 2 boys) were going through that street and then we heard such cheap comments &quot;Arre Pakkad le, chodna mat, chumle, chumle&quot;

(Catch them, don't let them go, kiss them, kiss them) A group of my friends and me were going to the bus stop after celebrating Holi at BCAS, DU. While passing through narrow streets in broad daylight, someone called us from the back in a helpless tone as though someone needed help. As all of us turned back, it was a disgusting scene. That person had taken out his private part from his pants and was showing us even before we could react he ran away.
This happened in the narrow street near the quarters of Ministry of External affairs, Opposite JM International School, Section 2 and 6, Dwarka, New Delhi A group of young boys who cluster together in a group, usually cat call or comment at women who pass by. Sexual Invites Sexual Invites A boy sent a friend request to my friend. once she accepted he started sending her dirty messages A man called me and invited himself home. i thought he was my classmate but when i saw him i realised he was a stranger. A group of guys were trying to click pictures with unwelcoming comments and were asking for sexual favors from two girls Three boys tried to sexually abuse my friend - - - Sexual Invites Commenting, touching, groping.taking pictures, sexual invites sexual invites by guys in the maruti van passing by sexual invites by hooting and commenting a car inviting by hooting to sit in the car - - - - - - - - - men sing vulgar songs and stare at me - - sexual invites and hooting sexual invites and hooting sexual invites and stalking a car following me passed comments taking pictures touching , groping... stalking... women being groped and harassed in public drunk men in the car followed me around on the road Indecent Behaviour some guy followed me all the way to my friends home a number of men in a car followed my car and took videos and pictures , they also stopped the car and called us out stalking , no street lighting sexual invites touching groping , sexual invites at various places , chemist shops , recharge store , and semi rural area as i was walking on my regular path to home a group of 6 boys started to watch my every step and started commenting and as i looked at them they started doing indecent gestures. sexual invites , stalking comments some people followed me and made vulgar comments sexual invites stalking , sexual invites stalking and secual invites sexual invites sexual invites indecent exposure sexual invites to girls guys commenting and trying to assault government school girls north east girl sexually assaulted drunk men driving rashly and tried to grop guys tried to rape a girl some guys made indecent comments , and tried to grop a girl near Bal Bharti Public School Some guys tried to molest me , and tried to take me into their car -- .. inappropriate talk I was harassed at this lonely place in dwarka sector 18 , and maybe the guys were LGBT I and my friend were waiting at sector 4 bus stand, when 2 cars stopped , and the guys asked us to come in and made litchy comments some guys were stalking  me , and giving sexual invites a cab following throughout and asking for sexual favours Maid's daughter invited to a car Lewd Comments, sexual invites Guys in car stopped in front of the rikshaw and then followed us. a car stopped by when a friend was jogging and started calling her for sexual inviting Car following the girl and inviting her with illicit comments and for indecent acts, A fortuner having tinted glasses used to follow every day and used to stop in front of Sachdeva Global School , everyday I was in a shared auto. The last stop only me and a guy was left. he suddeny started asking me personal questions and said' can i kiss you?'. Before i could react, he ran away. commenting IN my home town hyderabad i waz walking with my cousin. somebody came and asked me an address .then he stared showing me pictures of nude men and women .being in class 7 i got scared and ran away My friend and me were playing and the guard threw his phone no.in a chit and ran away and was again and again harassing her A man saw my friend in the underpass and was masterbating in front of her he used faul words to address her One day waz there on shahdora border a boy waz teasing girls by his bike A friend of mine had sexually harassed in the bus,though the seat of other bus was vacant that old guy sat near by her and keep on touching her intentionally then she didn't want to create a scene and get off from the bus though it wasn't her stop. yes i have been through sexual harassment several times in my life. Yes i have been sexually harrased many times in my life,like a random guy trying to touch my sensative parts,and any group of guys whistle at me and did diffrent facial expressions. Street harassment on auto stand  at hospital road kollam juction. Now near our house musing public . Sexual harassment. once a girl was coming from her office and 4-5 boys surrounded her.they started teasing her and were trying to physically damage her. gang of bikers and some others on scootys rounding up in front of of a group of girls and blocking their exit from the area I was touched and groped at Ghatkopar in the night. It was around 2:30 noon, me and my friend were walking on our way to meet a friend, when suddenly a car stopped,next to us, the driver asked me, the way to Brookefield Hospital. I directed him, and told him the way towards the Hospital. Actually the hospital was exactly opposite to the location in which we were walking. After I told him, the location, he drove a bit ahead from us, and then slowed down his car, I suspected he was watching us in his rear view mirror. I told my friend that something was not right about this driver, and that we needed to turn around and take a busy street, but she ignored saying, that , this is a safe locality, nothing happens here. Meanwhile, she got busy on a call and went a few steps ahead of me, in meantime I caught up with his car, he was driving parallel to me, as I was walking. I tried to ignore him, and started walking fastly. He caught up with me, stopped his car next and asked me ,If I wanted a lift till Brookefield Hospital, I told him, that i was alright, and I needed no lift, but after that he insisted, and asked me to sit next to him, and then when i denied,and started to walk away from his car, he asked me to come look at something, he was pointing towards his lap, suddenly he rose from his seat and showed his genital. I was shocked, and dumbstruck, before i  could understand what did just happen to me,he drove off. It was daylight, I could not note down his car plate number.Maybe I could have been a bit more braver, and done something about it, then and there. Stalked by a pervert boy till Inorbit Goregaon As I was coming back from my classes, a man on a scooty came besides me and showed his penis and looked towards me and moved away with his scooty. He had opened his zip to show his erect penis. My friend when travelling from train to Bandra was harassed by a drug addict and drinker and when she asked for help no one was ready to help. As it was a ladies compartment with 4-5 girls. He started abusing and touching her. Was about to slip.On pretext of saving me,my personal parts were being touched. Touching. I was in a cab and the driver started talking how his previous customer was a boy and he forcefully got a girl and raped her. He was speaking in Hindi and in very detail he said how he penetrated and ejaculated. I did not know what to do. I was new and just got out of the cab.

This was Cuffe Parade, colaba to Churchgate We were at Crawford market and this photographer slyly took a picture of our breasts (focussed). We went and confronted him and he denied taking anything. We went ahead and checked his camera and found the picture and made him delete it. A friend went with a guy friend of hers for a party at night. He tried to force himself on her. Crossing the Bombay streets (Peddar Rd) comments passed by cab driers and bikers I was crossing the road with my mother and 2 guys passed a comment, waited on the bike, gave us the look and went away. A forced and repeated attempt to stalk and sext on Facebook. I was crossing the park near my house at 7 pm and there were a group of boys who were smoking and they started walking towards me and circled me and started teasing. I punched the guy closest to me and hit the other on his gut. Ran home and told my mother and we went to launch a complaint One guy purposely bashed into me. I grabbed him and slapped him. A friend was stalked continuously for 20 days by a stranger on the way back from her tuition to home. My friends and me went to Carter road and we were having some fun. Suddenly my friend noticed a guy taking pictures of us. So we went up to him and told him to show us the phone. And we found the pic, deleted it and slapped the man and walked off. In our college some boys always touch our private parts and  we have so much mental and physical problem. One of my aunts was walking on a crowded street and this guy actually opened the zip of his pants and started rubbing his penis and ejaculating on her back. I was harassed near sukh sagar Unwanted touching, staring, domestic violence one of my friend boyfriend always black mail her and try to have physical relation with her...... Commenting and ogling Indecent exposure at Palam Gaon Commenting at Munirka Sexual invites at Dwarka metro station A boy offered me a ride to the metro station and then abused me. Harassed at Rohini i was walking to my car in a deserted parking lot, when a boy grabbed me from the behind and did unspeakable things. Harassment in the afternoon at Hauz Khas Village. Sexual invites Inappropriate and dangerous behaviour. A boy rubbed his penis against my backside A girl groped my penis A man in a car approached me and offered me a car ride. After i sat in, several hundred meters ahead, he asked to suck his dick. When I declined, he dropped me off on a deserted patch. A friend got an indecent proposition on &quot;What's App&quot; from a person known to her to meet him in the park. In my hoemtown, Hyderabad, I was walking with my cousin. Somebody came and asked me an address. Then he started showing me nude pics of men and women. Being in class 7 I got scared and ran away. My friend and I were playing. The guard threw a chit with his phone number and ran away. He was harassing her again and again. One of my friends was sexually harassed. While she was walking on the street the man felt her up. A man saw my friend in the underpass and was masturbating in front of her. He used foul words to address her. He passed lewd remarks A boy touched a girl's hand, she gave him a look and he move away. After sometime he grabbed both her hands and touched her butt. I was going to Shahdara metro station. On the way a man started whistling and passed cheap comments. In metros people touch and pretend as if nothing happened. A drunk man tried to kiss a girl as she was passing by him. one boy came to me asked me for money and i refused him then he started touching my leg and blocked my way. the boys were drunk and commented bad on the women. and tried to rape the women. some boys invites us at different place by saying vulgur words an unknown person crossway touching intentionally my body parts some boys called me by using bad words when walking on road some people on the road has haressed college girl it has happened to my friend when she was returning from picnic some boys tried to harresed her....,. The guy tried to touch the private part of my friend. Wanted to get physical physical abuse, teasing and followed by a drunk man in a bus to home. as i warned him to call police he ran away. while travelling in a bus, one middle aged man tried to touch my breast. i felt so uncomfortable and tried to avoid him but he again harass me through his eyes and facial expressions. some occasions like JATRAS-indecent exposure, touching especially groping happens to woman in a mass from people with bad intentions. it is about my friend who was sexually abused by her own father. her father comes close to her when there is no family members in a home. sexual abuse while returning home from college in a narrow road. a 16 yr old boy announced to his class that he was going to rape her teacher, while other female teachers have complained about being touched on the bottom and breast, with one even saying that she was followed into the laboratory afternoon 1.30 pm I was walking to my car in a deserted parking lot, when a boy grabbed me from the behind &amp; did unspeakable things
night 9 pm A boy rubbed his penis against my ass
Hauz Khan Metro Station

afternoon 1.30 pm A girl groped my penis

evening 7 pm A man in a car approached me, offered me a car ride. After I sat in, several hundred metres ahead, he asked to suck my dick. On being declined, he dropped me off om the deserted patch.
night 8 pm Inappropriate &amp; dangerous behaviour

evening 7 pm afternoon 2 pm evening 7 pm I was standing with my two friends in my society. After a while I noticed there was a boy continuously staring at us. Then suddenly I noticed he wasn't wearing pants. All three of us ran away from there. it happened to my friend while she was on the public bus.one man came and ask her the mobile number and tried to touch on sensetive area it happened to my friend while she was getting on a micro.a conductor tried to touch several times by making excuses of moving back it waj happen to my friend .when she was travelling on the bus. In the public bus, a guy was trying to grope my friends female parts. even when implying to stop he did not stop. A middle aged man teasing very inappropriately. The victim was traveling in a bus towards her home when a man aged about 30 stands right behind the victim pretending to get down but grabs her chest, whispers in her ear that she is hot and immediately ran at the next stop. I was traveling in a crowded metro and was busy in my cell phone. Suddenly I felt something on zip of my trouser and I realized and elderly man was trying to unzip it. I moved immediately but coudnt say anything out of embarrassment 3 guys tried to sexually abuse my friend One of my family friends was abused sexually by a family member from the age of 8 to 17.

Delhi and Punjab Teasing in the bus and roads While travelling from chandigarh to Delhi one elderly person was sitting next to me. After completing half of the journey he placed his bag on his seat, squeezing the space on his seat trying to sit closer to me. he was trying to put his hand on my waist and I had to shift to the end of the seat to avoid the harrassment. The guy was whistling me and calling me to get physically involved with him. A man came near to me and invited for sex. When I was waiting for a bus in a bus stop, a man came near to me said to spend night with him. He even followed me for 30 minutes. Once one of my uncle who was a middle aged pinched my breast A girl studying in grade 9 is sexually assaulted by the teacher of her own class,in the government school of Jhunkhunwa,Rautahat. someone send my friend leud and vulgar messages on facebook. pictures of my friends were posted on websites without their consents. A maid servant was physically abused by the son of the home but his parents did not take any action. One man came and invited me for sex. physically abused in a restroom. This happened to one my cousin. She said one man tried to touch her and said her that he would buy her scooty if she spent time with her. when travelling by bus from Pepsi cola to Ratna park some boys were saying bad words &amp; gestures which was annoying to me. A man came close to me when I was waiting my friend in a road. He said he would give me big money if I went with him for sex. This incident took place on 17-09-14 around 2-4pm at the metro station.
My friend usually get harassed on daily basis on this station.I would like safe city to take initiatives to stop this.It is very unsafe (Please) This incident took place less than 1 month ago during the evening at the metro station.
A person in metro attempted to touch private parts by behaving as if he accidentally hit it. A guy made indescent expression while i was returning home from tuition. One day while i was returning from my college,a boy passing nearby touched me very stongly. I was heading to office during an afternoon time. A man walking from opposite direction walked towards me and he passed a very dirty sexual coloured remarks, I reacted immediately and yelled on him. He argued back and came to hit me, I pushed him back and left. There were few commuters around, but none of them intervene or offered help. I tried looking for police/home guard, but none of them were around. Received unwanted sexual attention at a house party by a man (extended relative). Could not even react. I'm a 21 years old college going girl living in Sion. It is very difficult and a scary affair almost everyday, anytime of the day. The most dangerous place is exactly outside the station where there is the underground bridge (subway). Most of the time there is no light at all in this dark underground. Besides this, after exiting from the underground bridge and as you walk towards Shivar Guest House, there are always huge groups of men, including shop keepers sitting all along the wholesale clothes shops going towards the BMC Quaters, who not only make lewd remarks, they also make sexual remarks, and sometimes even attempt unwanted contact. Worse cases have been witnessed but no action has ever been taken. This is just not a fixed group, there are always gangs at this entire area and specially at nights, the lane towards Laxmi baug and the BMC Quarters has a lot of mini ladders where these gangs sit as soon sun sets, and the number increases as time passes and it becomes worse at nights. I live in Laxmi Baug Sion, and there are shops along the stretch from the station road right upto the entrance of my chawl. There are muslim shopkeepers and junglee boys throughtout the lane of Shivar Guest house who often stare dirtily and pass filthy comments. This happens everyday. This incident is faced by all of us girls in this area and even ladies. I don't understand why authorities can't station a police booth here in this area which is really dangerously populated by all these hooligans. Please help.

Outside Sion Station Tunnel, towards Shivar Guest house, going towards Laxmi Baug There are always men , bhayas , who sit all across right up from the Urinal (near the signal before sion station, right up to the staircase which takes you to the sion station). These people are very scary as they pass dirty comments at girls passing by or even couples getting out of the taxis or autos as that is the auto stand. Request for a stationed officer there at all times after 8 pm onwards. PLEASE HELP....

Sion Station Urinal, Urinal before the sion station up to the stone staircase before the Station I was harassed on the local train. My college president, a 50 year old man took the power of his authority over me and my friend. his incident happened to me at the Taj Land's End coffee shop. I was meeting the Founder of Save Life Foundation in the evening and we were in the midst of a serious discussion when a man came up to us and first wished my colleague. Then he turned to me and said something to the effect - This guy is f**king you real good.
Before I could react, he had disappeared. We called the waiter and asked how such a thing could happen at a 5 star hotel which is assumed to be a &quot;safe&quot; space. They claimed he was drunk and was hanging around for a while.
I am in conversation with the hotel in question to find out more about their procedures and preemptive measures when patrons are drunk as well as finding out the identity of the guy.
But it raises questions that we need to be alert at all times. Street harassment seems to be moving indoors. It could have been more serious as if the person had decided to physically assault he had access to cutlery. A drunk guy was once teasing a school going girl on the Adarsh Nagar Bus stop next to Multanis. A guy was indecently exposing his private parts even after knowing that there were girls all around them and would have noticed it.

This happened outside the Wadia college at the bus stop. A man of the guesthouse came in my bedroom twice and wanted to hug me and kiss me, fortunately I'm an european girl thus I was taller than him and stronger so I can put him out of my bedroom. I saw it once in the train nearby Kurla. Guys were pushing a girl to go out of the train with wrong intentions. A biker stopped in front of my friend and asked her to accompany him It was around 0930 pm when some boys had stopped their car and used cheap words and catcalls and tried to stop my friend on her way. Few drunk people passed comments when me and my friend (girl) were walking and they tried to approach. I was kissed inappropriately by my family friend. while walking on the road, a guy from a building's balcony whistled and was calling me into his house. that is an area where students from different places, live in hostels to prepare for competitive exams. i wasn't wearing indecent clothes infact i was wearing a salwar. Calling a girl to come along with him, couldn't identify him, he was on bike with helmet his age is around 35+, couldn't ask help around because of less pedestrian movement,this was around 3:45 p.m when i raised my voice then he left... Navigating everyday is a challenge in Indian Cities. I have lived in Coimbatore, Mumbai, Varanasi and Bangalore and from the morning, every act is geared towards navigating the city. am i going to come home late today, what should i wear, do i have transport or am i using public transport, do i really need to stay out late. every day these are my thought processes. i guess as i am relatively old now, i have figured out ways of avoiding unsafe times and places, but the truth is that there is always a fear of getting raped. The incident happened outside BEL township.My friend and I were on a bike and talking to one of our college friend outside her home in bel township when a taxi stopped by. It was a pearl white Tata Indica Vista (KA.03.AA.5562). The driver started teasing our friend and started abusing us too when we looked at him. He intended to pick a fight on road. But we chose to quietly note his vehicle number down and report. He had two others in his car. After the incident he went ahead towards Yeshwanthpur and proceeded towards Metro. till now I thought I am depressed,but I am seeing some group was following me on the street.they are using abusive words for others also. THE  grama panchayat has  impose public  nuisances   on cases  which i file to than to polices station   (  WE NEEDED TO GO FOR MRI SCAN WITH A RELATIVE AT UPSANA HOSPITAL AND I NEEDED TO CHANGE MY CLOTHS.THIS PERSON OPENED THE DOOR TO MY MRI SCAN AND I WAS ILL PERSON . THE DOOR WAS CLOSED BUT FORGET TO LOCK IT.  (The same person which we  to  the  hospital  for treatment in auto rickshaw .)HE OPENED IT ON PURPOSE WITH ONE OLD MEN STANDING NEXT TO HIM THERE WAS FILLED WITH CROWD! !) i don't know any monkey acts shown  by public !some actions ! i just the actions out ! My train had arrived at 4.15am
The TT on the way out leered at me terribly,,,and i gave him a stern look.
Right after that an old man coming up the stairs started commenting on me,catcalling me,winking and made faces at me. I told him FUCK OFF when i was leaving from my college there was a group of boys who were trying to show an indescent location. In H-block,Shastri Nagar 5-6 yrs old small girl was raped by shopkeeper. catcalls/whistles,commenting,ogling/facial expressions,taking pictures,touching/groping,sexual invites boys standing near the seats of girls making indecent expressions like touching,etc. Bus route-879 commenting,sexual invites the man stopped a car in front of us and started masturbating. Misbehavior of some boys to a girl passing some vulgar comments on her. Groping with inappropriate comments. Catcalls Commenting and bad facial expressions, taking pictures, indecent exposure, sexual invites catcalls/whistles,commenting,ogling/facial expressions,taking pictures,touching/groping,sexual invites Chain Snatching and sexual invites whenever i pass that area, shopkeepers comment and then they sometimes give me sexual invites. i was waking down a road when i guy gave me a sexual invite while he was urinating. sexual invites on 8th feb 2014 in the evening. Harassment in buses(munirka) in the night. It can happen anytime and normally it happens everywhere while walking on the road. It happens during afternoon and evening. It happens during afternoon and evening. It happens during afternoon and evening in the metro. Boys of every age passing comments and cheap facial expressions and language near Govt. school. Saw a guy calling a girl for sexual pleasure.He was whistling and commenting also.It happened in the evening. It happened in the afternoon at kamla market.It was very uncomfortable for me and people around me were oblivious to it. It happened in the afternoon in the metro.It was very uncomfortable for me and people around me were oblivious to it. It happened in the afternoon in the E-rickshaw.It was very uncomfortable for me and people around me were oblivious to it. The man invited me for sexual pleasure.It happened It happens in the cinema halls during evening and night. It happens in the metro during evening and night. I was going to the railway station where rickshaw bhaiya called his friends saying he has got something(asset) for u.This happened in the morning around 5. Touching/groping,sexual invites and pictures being taken in the evening and afternoon. harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment I was walking down the road, there is not much light. A motorcycle pulled up beside me with two young men on it. They told me I looked great and asked me if I wanted to be in a film they were about to film. They left when I said no but returned TWICE to ask me again 'if I had changed my mind'! harassment harassment This incident took place at rajiv chowk metro station in the evening.
It mostly happened all the time when metro reached the station.Most of the men misuse that movement and touch private parts. some guys walk in scorpio cars and try to kidnap girls...poor lighting after 7 pm Near paschim vihar east metro station,it is usually dark on the road,ill lit and men seem to take undue advantage either by chasing or touching from behind.
It happened in the evening around 6pm. car stopped on pretense for asking directions, and then tried to pull us in. an old man stopped his car and asked me to enter. general touching, groping staring in the metro station and commenting, catcalling on the streets. some of the children who was about 12-13 years old were using abusive language when I was returning from my college to hostel with some of my friends... A guy in the metro stands behind me with his zip open and was masturbating. i was coming back from tot to college when such a thing happened. when i was going towards new delhi railway metro station then some guys were asking to go hotel with them... A boy who was walking was staring and a girl and also commented on her.It happened in the evening. it was really bad. it was really bad. staring at us always and even invite us into cars. a girl was tried to be pushed into a cab. Somebody was hiding behind a tree and calling me to join him. In a park,nearby college,people use to harass sexually.
It happens all the time.