 I was waiting for bus at a bus stop and two boys were taking a picture of mine from opposite side. Group of boys were trying to click pictures of me and my friends A boy clicked my pictures and later when I saw him clicking, asked him, he started to abuse me A man was taking my picture when I was in the park. A man was trying to click my picture when I was in the park. A boy was trying to click my picture. a middle age man was trying to take my picture in the park A boy kicked me on my buttocks. Boys were commenting on girl's dressing style Group of boys were trying to take pictures of mine I was alone in the Maurya Lok waiting for my friend. One of the guy came and was staring at me. When I asked him to stop. He just said can I have you number madam. You look too good. And when I told him that I will complain, he just flew from there. Someone took my picture without my permission Someone took my picture without my permission. Male experienced ogling and staring, commenting, catcalls and whistles and picture was taken without permission. This location has poor lighting. Taking pictures without permission An 18 year old girl said around 3 months ago, she was groped here. She also faced ogling and men taking her pictures. She didn't take any action. Ms S, a 20 year old student here found men taking pictures of her. She confronted them about it. She said this experience built her confidence. People pass inappropriate comments especially during the the night time. In the evening time, usually a group of people gives various facial expressions which are not appropriate. Sometimes they even take pictures and pass offensive comments. The person saw few people taking her pictures and stalking her. She confronted them. She also feels people should step up to help other people when they can see they are in need of help. The person was inappropriately stared at, and pictures were taken without her consent. The person also feels that everybody should be aware of their own rights. stalking and taking pictures of the individual catcalling/commenting/whistling/ogling/taking pictures the individual faced a situation where her pictures were being taken and took action against them by asking them to leave the individual has faced catcalling at the location and has also seen people taking pictures of others Incident has not changed pattern of access to the location A woman from UK was sitting alone and we approached her because although she was sitting alone, she was surrounded by four men who were taking a selfie with her. When we asked her about it, she said they had asked her for a picture and after she had declined, they still took a picture. She said it was the third time that evening that someone had done this to her. While I was speaking to her, multiple times, men came and listened to our conversation and contiued to take pictures with/of her. When I asked them what they wanted, they replied with &quot;they wanted to hear what she was talking.&quot; She also said that she was stalked the previous night from CST to Churchgate. And the man only left when she told him she doesn't drink alcohol. Another man had come up to her on Chowpatty and asked if she wanted to have sex with him. People kept taking pictures without her consent, which made her feel uncomfortable. Taking pictures, following, sexual comments vhan par agr koi mhila kisi bhi kaam se khdi hoti hai to admi log gallt baat kar ke nikal jate hai A suspected immigrant (Bangladeshi) was staring at my 5yo daughter as we left the changing room at the KLCC park. He tried to take a photo of her but i managed to hug and cover her. He went ahead and took the photo possibly with me in it as well. He did not apologise or appear deterred by my reaction and just walked away. But he seemed to be keeping an eye on my daughter. When i saw him walk away...i let her ride the park rides...less than 2m away from the bench i was sitting. All of a sudden he ran to her, put his left arm around her shoulder and tried to take a selfie with her. I immediately rushed to her...covered her face and told him No and go away...he still attempted to take a photo until i shoved him away...he just walked away with no apology.

I also noticed several groups of Bangla men hanging  around the waterplay area of KLCC park...taking fotos. Reported stalking, commenting, taking pictures, catcalling, whistling Reported stalking, catcalling, whistling, taking pictures, touching taking picture reported various cases of chain snatching, taking pictures, lack of street lights and stalking reported ogling and taking pictures and eve teasing reported stalking, taking pictures and commenting reported ogling,catcalls, taking pictures, commenting, no streetlights reported taking pictures reported taking pictures and commenting stalking, taking pictures I am the students of patna college and when I and my friend were on the campus few boys started following us and afterwards they started making facial expressions which discomforted me and my friends. When we showed objection they started commenting on us and one of the boy clicked our photograph for threating us Few boys were taking pictures of my classmate who were not even from my department. A group of boys were laughing and taking pictures when I was standing nearby This is the area that was described as yes for sexual harassment near Jai Hind College and Government Law College, near Churchgate Station. No specifics given. I was wearing shorts. I noticed this guys walking towards me with his phone. It was clear that he was taking a picture. He noticed that I could make out so hurriedly kept his phone aside. I don’t think he got a shot. In my classroom, a boy was secretly clicking pictures of a girl. When she asked him, he refused and started arguing with the girl in a bad language na na na The boys are stunned with the girls standing at Sarangpur bus stop. kakariya Today the boys were behaving badly with the girls, there is a need for a lot of security here. Let's tease with girls. Goes wrong. mandir ke samne bhot se ladke khde rhete hae or picha karte hae is visatr mae raat ke taime nikalna bhot khrarab hota hae yan daru pi kar ladkiyo ke sath khara baat karte hae, chepirog  rod  hospital jamalpoor  bajar  of  cakla follwing  in  school no. 5.6 ladko ka grop khade rahete hai aur activa se jane wali ladkiyu ka picha karte hai 10 baje raat me us rasse se humko sef nahi hota hai People comment while passing by. 3 months back,I was being stalked by a person and the person used to  clicked pictures whenever I used to cross that area. 3 to 6 months back she faced a person who was using inappropriate words and continuously taking pictures. It was in the evening time and not many people were there in the area. A man took my pictures and was staring at me continuously which made me feel very uncomfortable. During the night the girl had entered the house and raped the girl ladkiki yonima prathmikshlaka tichar shkrbhina ugliyadali payjama kulavake name: shanjana mae sam ko jab tiyushan cllas me jati hu to vhan par ladke khde hokar commenting karte han Everyday in Makinde street, sexual harassment, sexual invites, commenting, catcalls, occur. Little children also are victims. I have heard of rape issues at this spot. One of the reasons is lack of street light. So the harassers hide in the dark to commit this evil. A group of people were staring in a wrong way and also clicking pictures. More like eve-teasing. Nothing to a very great extent but two guys tried to follow me on my way back home and behaved indecently. Would just like to report. Our group of friends visited the a Water Park and a group of boys started following us,passing comments as well as taking photographs A guy in my college used to stalk me everywhere. He intentionally blocked my path in the college when no one was college, Suddenly my friend came and I got rescued. My friend's boyfriend tried to touch her private parts. men took picures of me without my consent. it is an ususal thing to watch people gazing you on roads or anywhere and scrutinising your sexual organ a group of boys commented on me while I was walking on road a guy clicking pictures in metro groped while waiting in the line of metro
groped while in the DTC bus
catcalls and whistling A man around age 0f 50 years by touching me inappropriately in the wave pool fun and food village gurgaon group of boys were commenting and were trying to disturb in any possible way It's a survey along with safety audit THIS SURVEY IS CARRIED BY SAFECITY (RED DOT FOUNDATION) ALONG WITH ITS SAFETY AUDIT AT STREET MARKETS IN MUMBAI. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This is survey carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. Commenting at some one happens everyday in our college. I was in 10th and was returning from school when my neigbour who's like my uncle held my hand near colony rooms and just started telling me he loves me and used kind of words which were really uncomfortable. Whenever me or my friends pass by if boys are sitting around they start commenting, singing songs etc. touched inappropriately at the station. Saw a group of guys taking pictures of girls sitting on the pavement nearby. Stalking Ogling/Facial Expressions. Catcalls While I was travelling on my scooty, boys on the other scooty were commenting commenting A man was clicking pictures of one of my friends. When i tried to catch hold of him, he fled. Catcalls in college fest. A man took pictures of me without my consent. Happened in motilal nehru college Happened while travelling in the DTC bus a person was taking pictures of private parts of all the girls who were walking by on the metro station my neighbor tried to touch me A man was clicking pictures of a girl secretly I was at Huda City Centre Metro Station with my friends when a few boys started clicking pictures of us. I witnessed a 9 year old girl getting winked at by a 22 year old. happened near the sreeram IAS institute this incident happened near my college A man comes and groped my butt and walked off. It was crowded at that time so i couldn't catch hold off him. A man was clicking pictures of my sister at Thane Station. Touching, staring, sexual invites, commenting She is a govt. official and there are times when she feels unsafe due to overcrowded area. Boy was clicking pictures Taking picture &amp; commenting Took my pictures &amp; commenting. A guy tried to click my pictures and was staring at me while I was coming out from the Kurla station It was during my coaching our classmates used to follow us everywhere we used to go and pass comments on our dressing and our body language. it felt very uncomfortable. I WAS WAITING FOR THE BUS. A MAN CAME ON A BIKE AND WAS OFFERING LIFTVTO YOUNG GIRLS. WHILE COMING FROM CLASSES I SAW A GROUP OF BOYS WERE TEASING A GIRL. Taking pictures. Verbal teasing . One evening inside the first class compartment a guy was staring at my friend and then tried to touch her . A man thought I was a prostitute and was offering money for one night. Was taking pictures. Was taking pictures. few bad people touched my private parts in Ranchi-Bhagalpur express at Andal railway station. talking objectionable picture of my friend in bus. A guy was taking pictures of a girl in metro. Police was called. In general class of the local train, people try to take photographs of the girls sitting in the ladies compartment in local train. This mostly happens in the afternoon and from the gents first class compartment which is right next to the ladies first class i can not explain a man on his bike was following me and was taking pictures from his phone someone was taking my pictures secretly a group of workers were clicking my pictures as i was running in a park. Multiple pictures were taken. I called the local security guard and snatched their phones and deleted my pictures. a random man on a bike stopped me and a few school going girls and flashed us, laughed and ran away Took pictures and was trying to touch.It randomly happens in the crowded trains and buses  and eve -teasing is another matter to look for. My mother was going to the market, and the chain snatcher came and stole the chain from her neck. My Chain was snatched while I was in the rickshaw. marine drive is a famous tourist spot in mumbai, people tend to take many pics so once when i was out with my cousins and we were chilling there when a few group of boys where taking pics and along with that they were trying to take our pics also which is disguisting. It was around 5p.m. After college i was returning back towards metri station, while i came across some drunk boys, who were taking pictures of mine and commenting. It feels unsafe to travel alone. After college, i was going for shopping. Where i felt miserable and unsafe, when a stranger was stalking me.. He also took some pictures. Incident lyk this must be stopped by police with strict rules. The place is extremely unsafe for all the foreign tourists, and I have witnessed people taking pictures, calling names and behaving inappropriately with them. 3 men were commenting on me and my friend. Some random guys were clicking pictures of me and my friend while we were returning home from dinner. I was trying to get an auto post shopping and there was this guy who was clicking pictures i was coming back from borivali, in the train a guy along with this two were taking pictures It feels so annoying and disturbing, when you can't even enjoy weekends with friends, bcz of such terible act. I feel unsafe to travel any more. It was such an embarrassing and horrible moment for me, when i found Some teenage boys taking vulgar pics of me, in cinema hall:( Two guys were taking pictures and whistling while I was with one of my female friend I was waiting for my bus when i found 2 guys standing a little far from me. first they were acting as if they were clicking selfie but then one of them pointed at me and then i got to know they were clicking my picture. so i quickly moved away. Two guys were secretly taking our(my friend) pictures and also blowing whistles Me and my freinds were sitting and one of the guy there was first looking at us and then started taking our picture. I was on my regular evening walk when some guys started following me. They started clicking my pictures and passing inappropriate comments. I was on my regular evening walk when there was this gang who started following me. They were passing inappropriate comments and started taking my pictures. Being teased by random men. shamelssly clicking pictures of women i was with two of my friends and two guys in their late teens wereclicking pics anf following us this incident occurred when my aunt and her family were shopping at a mall where she found few boys trying to take inappropriate pics. I saw some guys taking pictures of me at a Losar (new year) party at my village When I was at picnic with my friends, I noticed a group of boys were taking pictures of us My pictures along with my friends were taken when we were at a party in night by some unknown guys. I was walking by pratap nagar towards my house after attending Aakash Coaching classes. Some guys started following me and made vulgar comments. When I stopped at a signal to cross the road I noticed them trying to take a picture of me. Thankfully there was a police officer near, though he did nothing only shood them away which isn't enough for dogs like them. I and some of my friends were having a good time with each other,when my friend noticed that some jerks were taking our pictures and making videos. safety matters staring staring catcalls and pictures following following Cheap comments followed by clicking pictures I was sitting at the bus stop as I have to every single day at 6:40 for my bus, it's quite deserted and very few people are up and about. Many times I've had men come up on bikes and jeer and cat call me and make horrible sexual remakrks. Once a guy rode up on a bike and started taking pictures of me and I had to duck. Recently when I was walking there in the evening around 6 so not that &quot;late&quot; in the span of 5 minutes two auto drivers drove up to me on the middle of full traffic and made disgusting remarks at me. A drunk man was commenting about me and trying to take my picture in the station A drunk man was commenting about me and trying to take my picture in the station i was out with my friends having a good time. suddenly one of us realises that the group of boys behind us are taking pictures of us. then my friend walked up to them and asked them why they did that, the flat out refused to confess, it's not like they were even discreet their ipad was open and pointed straight at us. we demanded to see their album and we found so many pictures and videos of us, it was scary. we made them delete them. one girl was taking pictures of another girl secretly and when she saw her . the other girl ran away . A boy commented when I was sleeping on terrace from the under construction multiplex secretly taking pics This happened to me near madangir bhumia dev centre market. There was this man who used to pass comments on me, used to take my pictures everyday. He used to constantly tell me that he loves me. He used to do this everyday on my way to office.Further, he used to tell boys and children around that he loves me. Used to cut his hand with blade and also threatened me that if he would see me with someone else, he would attack that person with a blade.Its been around 3 months. I went to khanpur for shopping in the evening with my sister where a group of boys started following us. We started walking fast and also changed our route many times so that they would stop chasing her. But they kept on following us. Then we went inside a shop and stayed there for a long time. There were some women in the shop and when one of them asked us what happened we told her  the same and also told her that those boys were still outside the shop. Then one lady went out and chased those boys away. Its been a month. This happened to a friend of mine in tigri.She was coming back from school where four boys surrounded and harassed her. She also shouted for help but no one intervened.The boys took her away and when her parents lodged and FIR, she was killed by the boys. A guy usually clicks picture of my friend. It happens in the evening. We do not have toilet in our house. We usually access the public toilet complex. The toilet is usually surrounded by a group of boys and they pass comments.It happened at all hours of the day. I was coming back home from school with my friend in the afternoon.There were some men who had a phone and he clicked pictures of my friend. It happened near J/B 454, in front of black school building. I was in a bus where a man sitting in front of me was trying to click my pictures in his mobile phone. A lady sitting next to him shouted on him after seeing this. Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Leh main bazaar in 2015 (day time)
Taking pictures- at Leh main bazaar in 2015 (day time)
Commenting- at school in Leh (day time) Age: 15 years
Type of harassment:
Facial expressions- at school in Leh in 2016 (day time)
Taking pictures- at Leh market in 2015 (day time)
Catcalls- at school in Leh in 2016 (day time) Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Taking pictures- at picnic (day time) Age: 15 years
Type of harassment:
Taking pictures- at a party (night)
Catcalls- “wa jat” (you look like a jat) (day time) Age: 15 years old
Type of harassment:
Taking pictures- at Agling (Leh) in 2016 on 28th March (evening)
Catcalls/Whistles- at Skalzangling in Leh (day time)
Commenting- at school in Leh (day time) Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Taking pictures- on 28th March, 2016 in Agling (Leh) (evening)
Catcalls/Whistles- at Skalzangling and Leh market in 2016 (day time)
Commenting- at school in Leh (day time)
Sexual invites- at Leh market (day time)
Others- asking for phone number (evening) my friend was standing somewhere in model town and saw somebody clicking her pictures . Although she wasn't sure that they were clicking her pictures only but their expressions made it quiet clear. in the daylight a girl found that her pictures were taken when she was waiting for a bus on a stop. a girl was walking in her own district park when she saw somebody clicking her pictures and she treid hiding her face but the boy still captured 2 to 3 pictures of her. she complained to an old man sitting in the park and his phone was taken away by the uncle and he was hit hard. a girl witnessed somebody clicking her pictures although not sure. my friend was standing somewhere in model town and saw somebody clicking her pictures . Although she wasn't sure that they were clicking her pictures only but their expressions made it quiet clear. A BOY WAS STARING AT US AND WAS TRYING TO USE HIS PHONE. WHEN ONE OF US WERE DOUBTFUL ,WE WENT TO HIM AND TOOK HIS PHONE.HE WAS CLICKING PICTURES OF US. I was coming from the college when a man started taking my pictures. Hi Team,
Yesterday we have surveyed from TCS Powai near Heritage garden.
What we found and observed was there are some areas which are covered with trees and the area near Garden &amp; Mountain square it looks like its unsafe, coz the area of the Garden looks open and wide clear to see any one from out side. a group of boys started commenting and then one of them told our picture. so we all shouted and so people gathered and took away his phone. it happened to my friend by his gym trainer while he was working in a gym A young boy took pictures when i was walking Five men sitting in a group start taking pictures some people were clicking our pictures without permission we had gone for NSS camp for 7 days. we used to travel to a school in the morning and everyday came across few bengalis buzy with their mobile. on day while walking, few girls noticed that they were taking our pictures. we complained to authorities.they went to speak to them, later on public gathered, their phones were checked and they confessed that they took pictures of our legs, chest part etc. they started hitting those men and later on we even filed a complaint in the police station and their phone was taken into custody. i had gone for 7 days NSS camp. we moved to the school early morning and everyday we came across few bengalies buzy with their mobile.once while we were walking,few girls noticed that those men were taking our pictures and videos. we complained to the authorities and took action against them.public gathered and hit them when their mobile was checked and they confessed taking picture of our legs, chest part etc. we even filed a police complaint for this and their mobile was taken in custody. When I was travelling in the bus. Some Boys commented me and took my pictures. when i went to shop to get some goods some boys teases me and commented  they even took my pictures on me i was scared and i ran to my home and share it with my parents when two of my friends were going to their college. a boy took her photo and she didnt like it. once while i was walking on the way to my friend's home i saw few boys taking pictures of girls without their consent there was a day we were walking with my friend and a certain man started taking pictures of us one day I saw some men taking photos of a woman who was my neighbour I was in a saloon and heard some ladies discussing how one day they were taken pictures without their consent and later saw the pictures on wassup group,they were very shocked this happened in westlands when two men started taking pictures of a certain beautiful lady without her consent there was a man taking photos of my friends and I as we were going home I saw a group of boys whistgling and taking pictures of a girl going to school one day I saw men taking ohotos of the women passing by them she was on her way to toi market when she was stopped by two men to take a photo with her. it was in the afternoon, a man was following me taking photos of me without my concent especially my bubs I was at Toi market, some mitumba sellers started taking pictures of me without my permission, then they started commenting on me that if someone maries me he will be the richest man on earth. there are men who sit and gather on the road heading to karolina for kibera. They always call girls and take pictures of them, which is very disturbing and irritating it was on Monday evening I saw a girl walking and four boys taking pictures of her we were in the field playing when a certain boy started taking pictures of us Sexual invites,Taking pictures i am a male .i have taken picture of a girl then i didn't know that it was a kind of harassment than people shouted at me and i share this story with my family Catcalls &amp; Whistles,Taking pictures Taking pictures,Whistles, Commenting,Stalking I was going market alone, some boys came on bike. They took a girl's photo and teased her. later she ran away. Catcalls,Ogling when I was returning from school to my home, on the subway, two/ three guys followed me and they were taking my photos. when we were with group of girls, a group of boys teased us using slant language. a boy took my picture and was commenting me unnecessarily When I was at my maternal uncle's home, one of his friends tried to harass me by touching me unnecessarily and even by clicking my pictures. a beautiful lady of about 24-26 years was harassed by the group of boys by whistling, commenting, staring n taking pictures. when i was walking back to my home some boys were commenting on me. they were asking numbers and they were taking pictures. i had gone to my fren place on the day of Teej. a lot of people have gathered there. one of the person there was staring me there later he started clicking my picture and making my videos. me n my sisters where returning home and some boys start teasing us. they were little drunk n few were smoking ciggrates. they were 5-10 boys. they start taking picture of ours and 2 of them followed us. we escape by running very fastly. Random fb sexual request, commenting and cat calls on the lane. My friend was been stalked by guy &amp; got her no. through someone &amp; started messaging inappropriately Boys took pictures on dapoli beach of girls. A guy from nearby building stalking me &amp; somehow got my phone no. &amp; photos &amp; keeping it as his whatsapp profile photo without my permission Eveteasing,whistles,commenting Touching &amp; molesting I was in the train in gents compartment &amp; a guy had tried to touch me inappropraitely. Someone clicked photos of various women at malad station &amp; also molested a small girl after that. Once while walking across the bridge , my friend was shoved and pushed and the stranger grabbed his hold on her chest. a group of boys used to tease girls and take their pictures a unknown boy clicked my photograph on the bus I SAW AT CHHUCHEPATI SOME GUYS ARE TAKING PICTURES OF A GIRL ............N GIRL IS SAYING NO NO.........THEY DONT WANT TO LITION ONE DAY I WAS WALKING AT JORPATI I SAW A BOY TRY T0 TAKE PICTURE OF A GIRL N GIRL DIDNT KNOW N ITELL HER ABT IT SHE REPOT TO POLISH NEARBY JORPATI ITS BEEN ONE MONTH AGO I WAS RETURNING FRM HOME I SAW GROUP OF BOYS ARE TO TAKE PICTURE FORCEFULLY N GIRL IS SOUTED THEM some boys were taking my videos from the back when i was walking on the street when i was walking i saw a man who was unknown for me he was just looking at a girl who was sitting on the park he started to take pics of hr and try to communicate with her. I was with my friends spending time after finishing exam. Some guys took our picture. Me and my friend were sitting in Basantapur. Some unknown guys took our picture. I was waiting for my sister. One of boy across the street seemed like looking at phone, suddenly I saw flash light then I realized that he took my picture. It was 8:30 pm I was going to Baluwatar, near Nagpokhari there were two boys who tried to take my picture. I said this to the policeman and I walked from there. I was in vegetable market. When a guy tried to take my picture. I scolded him back once I knew it. Me and my friend was returning from school. Then three boys started following us, passed comments as well as they tried to take our picture. When I was standing in bus stop, some unknown boys tried to take my picture. One of my classmate in tuition class took my pictures without my knowledge. Later when I looked his phone I found my pictures of mine. After my school was over, I was with my friends in Hatigauda area where some boy took our photos. 2-3 men touched me inappropriately on the street A man sexually harassed me A man was trying to click pictures of me, A man was tried to grope me in the train station I was sexually harassed at a public place I was in a bus where a man sitting in front of me was trying to click my pictures in his mobile phone. A lady sitting next to him shouted on him after seeing this. A stranger was clicking my pictures. I know that because he was constantly focusing his camera towards me. 3 months back i was being harassed by a man to an extent that it depressed me and changed my lifestyle completely. i was scared about everything, even going out for work. on my way back from work, this guy would follow me from the bhoomiya dev temple on the main road to wherever i went. he even clicked pictures of me on his phone. he told people around me that he loves me and would slit his wrist if i dont come to him. he even threatened me that he'll harm me with a blade if he saw me with someone else. i do not know how it ended but it was the worst thing happening to me whenever i go to the toilet, the guys standing there pass obscene comments and make it so difficult for me to use the toilet. they do this all the time a guy keeps taking pictures of my friend without her permission everyday. she does not respond and chooses to ignore him was waiting for a friend.this stranger clicked pictures of me. We were heading to bandra and waiting for the train.This man with a blcak shirt stared right at us for quite some time and shamelessly clicked pictures of us. at night a man was clicking pictures of my friends and i and followed us till bandra taking pictures in a way that I knew they were focusing on my legs a boy tried taking my breasts picture two boys tried clicking my pictures at the bus stop, when I asked them what they are doing, they started abusing me boys in the metro generally take pictures of girls travelling and also give indecent actions and expressions. Such a case recently happened to me when I was travelling in the metro. Happened to a girl who married someone outside her community. The boy from her community tried to throw acid on her. when i was crossing the road some group of guys taking my pictures I am not sure to that but group of guys taking my pictures Ex-boyfriend calls and blackmails girl While walking some riders stare, whistle, come close, etc While I was at the market, there was very poor lighting and a few boys started commenting and touching me. My friends uncle used to touch her inappropriately and keep pictures of her on his phone and tab. On my way to college, I noticed a man clicking my pictures on the station. My friend's stepmother doesn't care much for her and so her brother used to assault her. Their mother knew of this but still didn't say anything but one day my friend stood up for herself and shouted at him in front of the society and now he's serving 6 months of jail time. On my way to gurgaon today in the morning i was followed by two boys in a maroon wagaon r numbered DL4C AA 6837...
These cheap piece of nutcases werr clicking my pictures and making my video while driving. .. talk about women safety... women harassement... how many levels are we actually failing as a nation most importantly as human beings.... this incident happened at my sister's wedding. a boy kept clicking my pictures. when i confronted him, he told me that he likes me and told me to come to a private place with him. when i refused, he threatened that he'll tell everyone that i wanted to run away with him. i was so scared, i just did not know what to do. i went back home and did not get out for a few days. this happened near kali mata mandir. On 2013, Ganpati Mirvanuk were going on. It was during heavy rains.Due to rains peoples of the 'Dhol process' were drenched. There were some girls also. At this moment, peoples watched the drenched girls with wrong intention. Peoples took the photograph also. The head of the Dhol process stop the process and asked the girls to cover themselves with duppatta. When i was in school,one of my seniors abused me very badly just because i told him to get lost from the class because he was doing very bad things to girls. I had boarded a train from Sion to Thane, and as I got a seat, I noticed through thr gaps created by haphazard standing of people,  a guy was taking pictures of girls in front of partially open. I decided to confront him,but he dropped down at the next station. Taking picture of wrong places this was at a coffee shop where two girls walked up to me and started making a conversation . After a while they told me that some man was following me around and taking pictures of me and of some other girls, that's why they walked up to me so that he'd leave me alone. i saw 1 guy taking pictures of 2-3 girls. I was going to my relatives home when a man tried to take pictures of me. when i was going to my grandparents home from train them a person tried to take pictures. Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Facial expressions- at Leh market in 2015 (day time)
Taking pictures- at Leh market in 2015 (evening)
Catcalls- at school in Leh in 2016 (day time) I was sitting at this restaurent, Middletown with my friends when a group of boys started taking pictures of me. A man sitting next to me on the bus tried to take a picture of me on his phone. i was stalked by a boy in the subway some group of guy whistle, ogling , commenting and taking my photograph without muy concent I was walking on the  road when some boys commented on me and tried to take my picture. i was travelling in a bus.a group of boys came near to me and tried to touch my private parts.i suddenly told about their intention to other people travelling in the same bus then they help me out it was the time of my friends marriage unknown people started tsaking my pictures i felt too bad i told them not to click instead they were doing the same. This incident happened in front of my house. There were group of boys who tease the girl, cat called her as well as took her picture. The girl was not able to do anything. I was on the bus where a lady was standing. The lady bend over to pick something at that time one man took her picture pretending to take his own selfie. When I was going to school I took a micro bus where I found was trying to snap picture of me, I was so uncomfortable that I covered my face with mask I WAS GOING TO A SHOP TO BUY SOME STUFF. ON MY WAY A GUY STARTED FOLLOWING ME. I TRIED TO STOP HIM BUT HE FOLLOWED. THEN HE CAME FORWARD AND TOOK ONE PICTURE OF MINE. i with my friends were playing on the ground suddenly some boys from outside came in our society and started teasing and commenting. Many people around stare whistles hoots directly looking towards girls irrespective of the appearance or dress style. In crowded buses also indecent way of behavior and touching. A man was taking pictures of me while i was on my way to college 2 men were commenting and taking pictures of me at the mall. I was on the street with my friends when a bunch of guys were commenting and even took pictures I was in school with my friends when this person started eveteasing us. On a road trip, a man took pictures of me when our vehicle was at a halt. Four boys tried to take pictures of me and my friends while we were coming out of our tuitions. Once in the park while playing basketball, my friends and I noticed taking pictures of my friend When i was travelling by bus, a man tried to touch me and put his hand on my shoulder. My friend had gone to the beach with some friends and they noticed a group of guys clicking their pictures and laughing. Watchman of another school clicks pictures of me and my friend. Guys taking pictures while my friend and I were talking. in India there is lots of gang rape going on no one is there to tell or take an action on them. sexual harrassment commenting Harassment in office A friend of mine has been sexually harassed by a guy in my quarter.She was raped simply because the guy asked her out and she refused so the guy was emabrassed and mocked by his friends for not getting the girl.So,he planned with his friends to rape the girl .She was badly injured and almost died. One day on my way to visit a friend and I came across a boy,as quiet as I was I simply greeted him and continued my journey .While I was walking he called for me but i told him I was rushing to see someone.Suddenly ,he ran after me and held me on my waist trying to kiss me.I struggled and gave him a kick then i finally ran away. It was in the night when I was sent by my mum to buy some stuff.So I met this guy who tried to convince me but through intervention from my firend I was helped like I would have been his victim According to what I was told.A guy of about 20 yrs who rides machines for a living . He always comes back at home in the evening,he saw this little girl of about 12 yrs returning from where she was sent ,he caught this little girl-pushed her inside ,slapped and raped her. On the 3rd of December a very beautiful and intelligent  friend of mine was attacked and harassed by armed robbers.This girl was taken to an old building in Baffoussam and she was raped by four of the men and she was taken to the hospital. On one fateful evening some three months ago,I left my home to go clubbing.On my way, I was attacked by a gang of armed robbers who stripped me off my belt,cell phone money and evn jewelries. I was left stranded and isolated at the dark street and diddn't know what to do. I have never been harassed before but I have experienced numerous cases where market women have been harassed by their customers.Market women are being harassed by foriegners( white men) who come to buy from them.Taking snapshots without their notice.It is a form of mockery to our culture as Cameroonians a man in his 30's kept stalking me when i was getting back from work. things went out of hand when he clicked my pictures and said that he will morph them. I involved my parents who reported it to the gender resource center and then to the police. groups of men stand around the tea stall on the main road of block-e and keep staring and commenting on clothes of women. they take pictures also sometimes. It was an event which was objectionable. Taking pictures and passing sexually toned remarks Stalking A person on the Delhi metro was taking pictures of girls on his cell phone. Taking pictures without permission Some guys on the beach took pictures of our group of girls A random guy started taking my pictures. I was travelling and somebody was staring at me and following me. 2 boys were taking pictures of me and my friends on the metro station. we turned away. I was going back to my house and a car followed me and people were clicking my pictures from the car. Taking pictures on delhi metro Commenting, catcall, whistles,touching Commenting, catcall, whistles,touching,clicking pictures A group of guys were trying to click pictures with unwelcoming comments and were asking for sexual favors from two girls Commenting, catcall, whistles - - - - - - - - While coming back from college, some boys started taking pictures and started commenting at the Metro station Some school boys touched a girl's body at indecent place Commenting, touching, groping.taking pictures, sexual invites taking pictures and making videos taking pictures and passing lewd comments a group of boys in the car behind us tried to make a video of us walking - - - - - - - - - - people stare at you all the time and one can never wear 'revealing'clothes - - taking pictures a group of boys in the car recording a video taking pictures touching , groping... commenting while deboarding the metro i  realised that a man had taken some snaps of me and my friend , and was making indecent expressions ogling , and taking pictures drunk men in the car followed me around on the road stalking.. stalking... touching groping... clicking pictures without permission a number of men in a car followed my car and took videos and pictures , they also stopped the car and called us out as i was walking on my regular path to home a group of 6 boys started to watch my every step and started commenting and as i looked at them they started doing indecent gestures. commenting sexual invites guy followed and took pictures sexual invites commenting drunk guys at were commenting and taking our pictures eve teasing chain snatching touching , groping guys taking pictures of girls commenting and boys taking our pictures some guys commenting and taking my pictures near the metro station .. .. commenting, regular basis 
near the Club gym i was travelling in the bus and one guy kept touching me and harassing me in all the wrong ways. Some boys were commenting and stalking girls, and wee also taking snaps , or photos a chain snatching happened and eve teasing Harassment FINGERING AND POLICE ABUSES I was on a trip to Chandigarh and a group of boys were clicking my picture Taking pictures There were two big men around age 29, they grabbed the hand of a girl and locked her  in the resting room of the railway station. The security were not efficient to help her. Stalking, passing comments Pictures were taken and comments were passed. While travelling in the metro, a group of teenagers were clicking pictures which was making the girls really uncomfortable. EVE-teasing seen and reported Groping Yelling abuses or passing in decent remarks at girls. touching in inappropriate places My friend and me were playing and the guard threw his phone no.in a chit and ran away and was again and again harassing her one of my friends were sexually harassed while she was walking on the street, the man felt her up Once in a market ,when some girls were buying their undergarments,then the person working ant 2-3 boys were starring.Seeing them felt very embarrased so you can think that what those girls were feeling. Commenting on girls A friend of mine had sexually harassed in the bus,though the seat of other bus was vacant that old guy sat near by her and keep on touching her intentionally then she didn't want to create a scene and get off from the bus though it wasn't her stop. yes i have been through sexual harassment several times in my life. Yes sexual harassment had once happened to me when i was studying  in +2 in NIST college.it was the most awkward   moment of my life till now. i have got feeling of sexual harrasment when i was going to school some of the guys tried to take my photo. While i was walking on the street.Two boys were sitting inside the cafe,they called me i didn't looked at them and kept on going,one of the boy whistled and tried to follow  me.The i walked as fast as i can and then i lost his sight. Street harassment on auto stand  at hospital road kollam juction. Now near our house musing public . Sexual harassment. once a girl was coming from her office and 4-5 boys surrounded her.they started teasing her and were trying to physically damage her. chain snatching eve teasing taking pictures of girls and passing such abusive comments I had seen oneday in metro that some guys are clicking the photos of some girls Touched and groped at Ghatkopar in the evening I was in a cafe with my younger sister. A group of boys were staring at me. Later, they actually tried to click a picture of me on their mobile cameras. Harassed at Kurla station A drunk guy tried to harass in the moving local train. Stalked by a pervert boy till Inorbit Goregaon This guy walked passed us while I was walking with my girlfriend. she heard a click on his phone. we didn't know what to do but i did confront him. Turned out that he had taken a picture. I made him delete it. There are many incidents but to be specific, in Metro Station (Rajeev Chowk) while I was waiting for my metro some people called out names and tried to grope me. Even few girls took my pictures. A teenage girl was going towards the metro station. A car caame near her and the boys sitting inside opened the window and gazed towards her in a very ackward manner. Then said &quot;lets go&quot;. A person was taking pictures of girls using his cell phone while travelling on the metro. We were at Crawford market and this photographer slyly took a picture of our breasts (focussed). We went and confronted him and he denied taking anything. We went ahead and checked his camera and found the picture and made him delete it. I was in an auto with a friend and it was passing a crowded place. Someone put his hand inside and grabbed my chest and fled. We looked back to find the guy and saw the auto driver smirk. We immediatly left the auto. It happened in a club where someone tried to take our pictures. I was on Dadar station main bridge and it was too crowded. A guy touched me inappropriately and I just yelled at him. There were a few cops on the bridge so they tried to help me but the people around were not cooperative so they could not find him. My friends and I were at Crawford Market and my friend noticed a guy clicking pictures. She told me and I went up to him, asked him to delete the pictures. I took the camera from him and deleted the pictures. A guy passed comments on my friend and started singing an item song as she passed he felt it. There was a guy in the same bus in which I was travelling and since there was a seat empty besides me, he sat and purposely was pushing me. The usual ogling with their protruding eyeballs no matter what women wear. My friends and me went to Carter road and we were having some fun. Suddenly my friend noticed a guy taking pictures of us. So we went up to him and told him to show us the phone. And we found the pic, deleted it and slapped the man and walked off. It was after New Year's mass while going for a party, I was eve teased and I complained to the cops. We were at Crawford market, 3 girls and we were going into the market. There was this man with a DSLR camera around his neck. We figured that he was taking our picture because just before this incident we had a workshop/enrichment session which told us that men do take pictures and post it on forums and discuss the pictures. When we saw that man's camera he had taken pictures of the upper and lower body. unknown people take pictures People take pictures when we stand for a while in this area to wait some friend It happened to me when I was going to my friend's place . Unfortunately there are more than one incident that happened. One of them was in front of the SOBO mall where a car started following us. I was harassed at Bangur nagar one of my friend boyfriend always black mail her and try to have physical relation with her...... Taking pictures Chasing and following i saw On Bandra Link Road 2 Boys were taking pics of some girls from back... Forceful touching in the train The so called 'new age' chhokras of the city have a tendency to accumulate near this lake side street and kick the two wheeler vehicle ridden people, especially women. While coming back from college, often a group of boys they stare and comment on girls. me and my friends too face this problem approximately on a daily basis. Coming back from college a group of men on a motorcycle teased me. When i was in school there is one boy who always stares at me and whenever I go somewhere he always follows me whether it is my tuition or street. i was walking to my car in a deserted parking lot, when a boy grabbed me from the behind and did unspeakable things. Harassment A group of hooligans were clicking pictures of me and my friends. When we approached them and asked them to stop, they abused us. Someone took my picture without my permission Harassment in the afternoon at Hauz Khas Village. Someone took my pictures without my permission A boy was taking my pictures from under the loo. Taking pictures in. Mundka Eve teasing seen and reported. Groping Yelling abuses or passing indecent remarks at girls. Touching them at inappropriate places. My friend and I were playing. The guard threw a chit with his phone number and ran away. He was harassing her again and again. One of my friends was sexually harassed. While she was walking on the street the man felt her up. Pictures were taken and comments were passed. While travelling on the metro a group of boys were clicking pictures which was making the girls really uncomfortable. when i was going to zoo.some one touched my leg some boys took my ficture for no reason. group of boys take photo of western dresses girls.. it has happened to one of my friend while we were travelling on a bus. I was going back to my house and a car followed me. People were clicking pics from the car. One day I was going to school by public transport. There was no space to stand and after sometime I found that a man was holding me from behind. I didn't know what to do. I pinched him badly and gave him a very bad look. A random guy taking pics of my friend
evening 6.30 pm I was walking in the evening talking on the phone when suddenly a guy hit me on my hand and walked away with his group of friends. A random guy started taking my pictures. A drunk man tried to kiss a girl as she was passing by him. i was standing on bus stop and one guy came and attached his body on my back with me. i was sitting on a bus and a guy next to my seat showed penis by oppening pant. one guy put his hand on my shoulders and tried to touch my breast. the boys were drunk and commented bad on the women. and tried to rape the women. around 6 pm evening i was returning home .i saw one man beating one girl and snatching her neck chain A group of boys were commenting and whistling while I was performing a play. (street play). Tried to touch my breast with his elbow and hand while travelling in a bus, one middle aged man tried to touch my breast. i felt so uncomfortable and tried to avoid him but he again harass me through his eyes and facial expressions. teasing  and taking pictures of a young girl at bus by two old age man. physical abuse inside a public vehicle. taking pictures without my permission and even trying to touch me. while a girl was going to attend a party at the evening time where she had to cross a narrow road. but on the way there was 4 guys staring at her teasing and using bad words to her. now she is so afraid to go out from home. while a girl was going to college, there are many guys on the road who started to take pictures, teased and commented with rough words. she was so afraid to go to college by this kind of abuse by people. When i was in school there is one boy who always steer me &amp; whenever i go somewhere he always follow me wheather its my tution &amp; my street
any time of the day I was walking to my car in a deserted parking lot, when a boy grabbed me from the behind &amp; did unspeakable things
night 9 pm afternoon 2.30 pm A boy was taking my pictures from under the loo

5 pm morning 11 am afternoon 1.30 pm a group of hooligans were clicking pictures of me and my friends, when we approached them &amp; asked to stop they abused us
evening 4 pm afternoon 1 pm afternoon 2 pm My sister and her friend were stalked by three guys. They continuously followed them for almost about 15-20 mins. Two boys were taking pictures of me and my friends at metro station. We turned away. while travelling in a bus cundocters tried to touched my body part for several times male people usally stare at girls wearing short dresses wistling in the street.trying to diss in the street.clicking pictures.trying to hold hands. pushing in public vehicle ans eve teasing My friend was badly haressed by four boys while she was returning home from college. A boy always harrassed me while I used to return home from college. While I was returning from college, group of boys teased me a lot by saying bad words. while walking on the street i had a relative of mine who touched me in a very indecent manner some time at back.of course it was disguished as a cute hug as elders give to young ones but that left me harassed. while walking or riding scooter people comment on us In the public bus, a guy was trying to grope my friends female parts. even when implying to stop he did not stop. Me and my female friends were hanging around durbar square when some police/army looking men were taking our pictures secretly which made us feel unsecured so we ran away from that place. two guys were clicking photographs of my friend in a public vehicle.later she raised her voice and those people were removed after in the next station. My friends and me were roaming in the street and guys followed us and asked for our no.

Rajpur Road, Dehradun Teasing in the bus and roads Two guys were taking pictures of me and commenting bad words in the public bus. Some men said very bad words to me and commented on my figure. They even took my pictures. I was walking with my sister. A man clicked our photo and sent that photo to us in facebook by saying very bad words and threatening us. A girl studying in grade 9 is sexually assaulted by the teacher of her own class,in the government school of Jhunkhunwa,Rautahat. while travelling in a bus, the conductor touched me in my back as it seems like he is trying to make space for others in a crowded bus. while travelling in a bus, the conductor of that bus whistles and take my pictures without my permission. i feel annoyed but cant do anything else. took pictures without permission. took pictures without permission. Group of boys were taking pictures of me. I was so embarrased. This incident took place on 17-09-14 around 2-4pm at the metro station.
My friend usually get harassed on daily basis on this station.I would like safe city to take initiatives to stop this.It is very unsafe (Please) This incident took place less than 1 month ago during the evening at the metro station.
A person in metro attempted to touch private parts by behaving as if he accidentally hit it. I went for shopping.There 3 guys were standing near a shop.As i approached they first started making facial gestures then started whistling and taking pictures. The girl was going for her coaching,then some boys clicked her photograph and ran away by touching her private organ. Nearby this place of clock tower,there is kamla nagar market where oftenly girls go for shopping , on that very day two boys from the roadside came and started passing bad comments on the girls nearby by momo corner and pushed a girl while passing that place. This incident took place when i was going home from dwarka and i saw two boys commenting and taking pictures of some girls. People comments, trying to touch I was coming back to the hostel, there were two boys on the bike who passed some cheap comments to which i could not respond as the bike passed away. I was living as a foreigner in Jodhpur, Rajasthan for 3 months. All together I faced many sexual harassment situations and this is a summary of them.

Once I was walking in the evening and a boy passed me by a bike and squeezed my breasts for a moment while passing. The same happened to my friend as well.

Once a random boy on the street started to follow me when I was walking and he was asking to hold my hand and hug me. 

Staring and commenting was everyday stuff. Many times whistling happened and I was also shouted &quot;I want to fuck you&quot; in public. 

Always when I went somewhere people tried to take photos of me, both men and women. It is ok if it is asked but very few ask for permission and also many times they want to have a photo with me and it is ok if there are also women but I don't want to be in photos with only men. Faced lewd sexual remarks about physical apperance. A guy dashed against me while walking on the streets. Its not a safe city for a single woman. I commute to Kurla from Kharghar daily and some perverts get on the train from Mankhurd and Govandi who not only pass lewd comments to every girl on the station. They do not differentiate between teenage girls or a woman in her late 40's their comments are alike and quite disturbing and fellow commuters say nothing to them. They get down at Kurla and then they start taking their chances while getting on the railway bridge. They always try to grope woman in pretex of crowd and other male passengers chose to ignore even after looking at the shameless act.I strongly feel that there should be separate bridge at all stations for women. Taking pictures without consent in Jammu THE  grama panchayat has  impose public  nuisances   on cases  which i file to than to polices station   (  WE NEEDED TO GO FOR MRI SCAN WITH A RELATIVE AT UPSANA HOSPITAL AND I NEEDED TO CHANGE MY CLOTHS.THIS PERSON OPENED THE DOOR TO MY MRI SCAN AND I WAS ILL PERSON . THE DOOR WAS CLOSED BUT FORGET TO LOCK IT.  (The same person which we  to  the  hospital  for treatment in auto rickshaw .)HE OPENED IT ON PURPOSE WITH ONE OLD MEN STANDING NEXT TO HIM THERE WAS FILLED WITH CROWD! !) i don't know any monkey acts shown  by public !some actions ! i just the actions out ! WE NEEDED TO GO FOR MRI SCAN WITH A RELATIVE AT UPSANA HOSPITAL IN KERALA  AND I NEEDED TO CHANGE MY CLOTHS.THIS PERSON OPENED THE DOOR TO MY MRI SCAN AND I WAS ILL PERSON .THE DOOR WAS CLOSED BUT FORGET TO LOCK IT. HE WAS  SAME PERSON WHICH WE CALL FOR TRAVELLING TO TO HOSPITAL . IT IS THE SAME PERSON IN  AUTO RICKSHAW  HE OPENED IT ON PURPOSE WITH ONE OLD MEN STANDING NEXT TO HIM THERE WAS FILLED WITH CROWD! ! ABUSING AND ASKING TO DIE WE NEEDED TO GO FOR MRI SCAN WITH A RELATIVE AT   UPSANA HOSPITAL  AND I NEEDED TO CHANGE MY CLOTHS.THIS PERSON OPENED THE DOOR TO MY MRI SCAN AND I WAS ILL PERSON .THE DOOR WAS CLOSED BUT FORGET TO LOCK IT. HE OPENED IT ON PURPOSE WITH ONE OLD MEN STANDING NEXT TO HIM THERE WAS FILLED WITH CROWD!  ! mobile phone was stolen by a boy who was on a bike and ran  away without seeing whether how he had hurt that girl. two boys made indecent noises on my face guys were taking photos in the chem dept of du i saw a making video of girls by a boy in a washroom. guys were taking pics catcalls/whistles,taking pictures catcalls/whistles,commenting,ogling/facial expressions,taking pictures,touching/groping taking pictures and commenting on girls coming back from office. calling a girl with vulgar languages and facial expressions. catcalls/whistles,commenting,ogling/facial expressions,taking pictures,touching/groping,sexual invites boys standing near the seats of girls making indecent expressions like touching,etc. Bus route-879 some random guys commented and left. a guy taking pic of my female friend Catcalls Commenting and taking pictures Groping with inappropriate comments. Some people started commenting bad words on me and my friend. Catcalls Commenting and bad facial expressions, taking pictures, indecent exposure, sexual invites Taking Pictures catcalls/whistles,commenting,ogling/facial expressions,taking pictures,touching/groping,sexual invites Whistles, chain snatching, ogling, taking pictures Commenting &amp; Taking Pictures Catcalls Commenting and bad facial expressions Catcalls Commenting and bad facial expressions They were in the same metro and they passed cheap comments,followed and tried to take pictures.It happened at rajiv chowk metro station in the afternoon. Harassment takes place everywhere because Delhi is not safe.It happens in the evening. Everyday when I visit that place(kanhaiya nagar/tri nagar) some boys take pictures of girls.It happens in the evening there was a guy in the DTC buses who was taking pictures of the ladies in that bus.` I was in this particular place for the first time, and waiting to hail a cab, almost every man on the street started acting like I was some kind of kinky thing, not a human, I was whistled at, commented, and pictures were taken of my body. It was humiliating and a bad day. Measures need to be taken to make this area safe for women to travel to. Commenting and pictures taken in the evening. Commenting,touching,pictures taken in DTC bus(Red AC bus) during evening. Commenting,ogling and pictures taken during the night. Commenting,ogling and pictures taken during the night. The girl was going for a party and waiting for an auto rickshaw and her pictures were being taken.It happened in the night. It is everywhere nowadays and happens every time.It happens everywhere at sector 9 also. In spite of being and unknown person they click pictures without our permission in the afternoon. It happens during afternoon and evening. It happens during afternoon and evening. It happens during afternoon and evening in the metro. Boys of every age passing comments and cheap facial expressions and language near Govt. school. Some people used to stare in a very inappropriate way which is not tolerable.It happened in the morning and Night. This incident toom place at GTB metro station gate no.2 in the evening where a group of decked up girls were being captured by a guy and some guys were passing comments and all. The guy was taking my picture.I scolded him.It happened in the afternoon. Rickshaw driver started clicking pictures from the front seat.It happened in the evening. It happens in the cinema halls during evening and night. It happens in the metro during evening and night. It happens at the metro stations in the afternoon. in the afternoon. I was shopping with my friend and a random guy took my picture and then ran away.It happened in the afternoon. Near indra vihar hostel guys give weird looks and pass bad comments about the girls passing by.It happens in the evening. Pictures were being taken outside college in the afternoon. whenever we pass by,people start commenting and whistling.It usually happens in the evening. Touching/groping,sexual invites and pictures being taken in the evening and afternoon. harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment Some men started commenting on me and my friends. Then they tried to come close and touch us. And i think they took our pictures also. This incident took place at rajiv chowk metro station in the evening.
It mostly happened all the time when metro reached the station.Most of the men misuse that movement and touch private parts. my pictures were also taken. i complained to police. commenting and pictures taken in the night. Commenting and pictures taken in the night. it was really bad. returning from college, two boys make indecent noises in front of my face and went away. the boys sitting in car clicking the pictures of girls without informing them.. i was standing on bus stand and i saw two guys clicking my pictures two guys were taking the pictures of my girl friendss near hansraj college. it was really bad. it was really bad. it was really bad. it was really bad. It was a very bad experience. In a park,nearby college,people use to harass sexually.
It happens all the time. some guys wear taking pictures of my friends.