 A group of boys came on their bike and snatched one lady's purse and ran away My mother and aunt was going to market, while returning from there. Two man came on bike and snatched my mother's chain some men were touching a  girl on her private parts on the road she was in short skirt and small top I went to market with my mom.  Suddenly two bikes came,  they snatched the chain of women and passed a very vulgar comment. Chain snatching is common in this area during 12 pm to 4 pm. Chain snatching is common during day time. Lots of robberies reported various cases of chain snatching, taking pictures, lack of street lights and stalking Three men robbed two girls at the apartments, upon breaking and entering: Chain snatching, phone theft occurred. A young lady bag was snatched from her. I am male age (30). Yesterday  i went there to collect rice bags from the VRL Transport. One guy asked me to stop and politely said your sweat has fallen on the girl who was behind. I said sorry. i was not seen and I have no intention to do. But He said its ok. I will take you to her residence and say sorry. But his intention was to take me to isolated area and there he can threat in improper way by Hindu-muslim religion. I thought it is ok to say sorry and followed him. On the way he was asking dont talk too much(jitna bola hai..vutna hai kar). Do U have Samsung Galaxy Note-2, show me ur mobile, what do you wear? Is it Ganesha in your locket. I was horrified by this and I pleaded him to leave, I dont know what comes in mind and said &quot;go&quot; .I was escaped from that place as early as possible and again I came back to VRL transport office and asked them to help for me taking to their own vehicle. My sincere request is to dont blindly listen anything what they say. They are master in making you fool. I was  very much disturbed by this incident. eran las 14 de la tarde y un hombre me robo  el celular I was mugged by three men on bike who snatched my mobile phone. Someone was following me and then tried to walk by my side and touch me. Also tried to rob me. (Chain snatching) Staring at people while passing from Kings Cirlce Station to
Throwing stones/Acid and passing comments to Mahim Station. I've heard that the girls are facing problems like snatching and staring at the Bandra East Station. I was on my two wheeler when two boys snatched my chain and I fell off from my scooty. I witnessed a chain snatching and abusive situation wherein the woman was pushed away and  abused also her chain was snatched and they ran away before we could stop them. I witnessed a chain snatching and abusive situation wherein the woman was pushed away and verbally abused, also her chain was snatched and they ran away before anybody could stop them. Touching and commenting. Eve Teasing A group of boys were commenting and trying to take pitures It was a very embarrssing situation. harassed by the bus driver chain snatching in front of my aunt's house Happened when I was in school,in an auto that i used to take regularly. The auto driver used to harrasment. Told my parents one day and stopped travelling with him My mobile was robbed. This has become a trend in local trains and a lot at Nerul station. Chain Snatching chain snatching by two bikers, only rider wearing helmet at 11 am. Snatched chain from my friend when I was with her. Police didn't take any action. I was travelling in the Delhi metro and a man was staring at a girl with the intention full of lust.
After a decent amount of time I couldn't take it and I stood in his point of view and gave him a casual look. Fortunately that sent the message. I WITNESSED A CHAIN ROBBERY A gang of goon looted me outside the Raniganj station few people followed me to my home and also pelted stone at me and comments continuously a biker snatched my gold chain flee from there Chain snatching today morning at 7:35 am , by two people on motorbike the girl's aunt was walking on the road and two guys came in a bike , snatched her chain thus, injuring her two men on a bike snatched a woman's chain while she was crossing road In afternoon, at old delhi railway station In evening. chain snatching in road a man probably from the slum snatched my chain My mother was going to the market, and the chain snatcher came and stole the chain from her neck. My sister was going to the market and two chain snatchers came on bike and snatched her gold chain. My Chain was snatched while I was in the rickshaw. It happened with my friend's brother when he was doing graduation. His immediate neighbor tried to sexually abuse him but he escaped as he informed his parents. A big major incident was prevented because of his alertness. During the afternoon two men came on a bike and snatched my chain and ran away. It was bright day time, when two bikers snatched my chain, even though it's artificial but it feels unsafe to travel in the city the localites deal with the stares and comments on a daily basis. During puja, one of the guy approached my mom's friend and started talking to her and then suddenly snatched her chain and before she could react left the place. this happened when when walking on the road one Sunday afternoon,they were few people on the road..all of a sudden two guys masked came on a bike and snatched chain from a lady in her 40's walking few kms away from me, the lady was hurt and taken to hospital. saw 2 men on a pulsar snatching a woman's neck piece and earrings. snatched my chain,near the mandir This episode happened recently to  one of my friend who stays in this area. She along with one more friend was travelling in a rickshaw to the market. she was too busy chatting with her friend that she didnt even realise the surroundings.suddenly when the rickshaw was about to left turn two men in high speed came near the richshaw, before the rickshaw man could use the brake the men snacthed the chain of my friend and ran away. In that jerk the richshaw tumbled down and she got hurt in her knees and elbow and also her back neck as the snacthers pulled the chain forcefully. no one came to help,even thou there were passer bys. Two men on the bike snatched a chain of a woman who was waiting for his husband to come. Two people came in a bike from the back side of a woman who was wearing two gold chain which was been snatched by the boy sitting behind the bike and ran away as quick as possible. Two men on a bike snatched my gold chain while i was in the market and before i realised it, it was gone. Harassment Two men were on a bike while i was walking on the footpath and snatched my chain. a lady shopping had her purse in her hand which was taken away by a two men on a bike. a lady's chain was snatched when she was buying something from a street vendor. a lady's chain was snatched when she was going home in broad daylight,my sisters chain was snatched.they were following from quite sometime i experieced a chain snatching incident in the area .its not safe for anyone due to improper lighting catcalling ,commenting and grouping is a daily occurance two men ona a bike two men on a bike two men on a bike While we travel, we are harassed and because of this we cannot go anywhere.It happened in the night around  months back. Whenever I go to the toilet complex, I am harassed. My 86 year old mother was attacked by a chain snatcher in our building on 3 December 2012. In the scuffle, she fell down and fractured her thigh bone. I saw two boys in the bike coming from the opposite direction snatches a golden chain of a middle aged woman she was crying loud to get it back but they vanished in a few second from that place It was a evening time two very young boys were riding on the bike. They were roaming around there for some time and eventually they snatched chain from a old women and ran away. That was really scary moment and we should stop that. i was going to a friend's house and was wearing a nice chain. there were two people on the bike and they suddenly came and tried to take away my chain. besides there full efforts i tried to save my chain. It was a evening time two very young boys were riding on the bike. They were roaming around there for some time and eventually they snatched chain from a old women and ran away. That was really scary moment and we should stop that. Chain snatching I was on my way on my scooty to the supermarket when two boys snatched my chain. Chain snatching incident happened near my house, after which I was stopped from going out of the house I saw two boys in the bike coming from the opposite direction snatches a golden chain of a middle aged  woman she was crying loud to get it back but they vanished in a few second from that place It was at night my friend told me to take to the shop on our way we mate a boy who has been admiring my friend for so long long and tht boy told my friend that he wants to take her scarfe so that he could feel better then my friend refused he then took my friends chain and he said that whenever he feels like having my friend he will just stare and kiss the chain my sister and I were walking going home when we met these boys who stopped us and took our purses from us and then grabbed my sister by her thighs and said..&quot;you are the hot one&quot; A man was walking in a street in Laini saba wearing a silver chain and he was not familiar with the ares.  Some boys just came and statched the chain off his neck and ran away. I happened to be walking around, I had never been to this area, I had a beautiful chain around my neck, suddenly two men came around me, ordered silence and took away my chain while touching my boobs. it waas on Sunday morning going to Church, at karanja stage waiting toboard a vehicle a man standing behind me snatched my golden chain.  People wo were there say anything and I felt too scared to screem, so I just watched him walk away. It was already dark and someone grabbed my sisters chain my chain was snatched at night while I was crossing the road at bombolulu one person snatch the chain i saw a group of boy started following an old lady who has worn lots of ornament then they showed knife to her and snatches all her ornaments and ran away There was an old woman walking on the street where two boys on bike who had put mask on their face snatched her chain. I was crossing the bus stop when my chain got snatched by a few men and I couldn't do anything about it. Once while walking across the bridge , my friend was shoved and pushed and the stranger grabbed his hold on her chest. some guys called me and tried to snatch my chain. i ran away some guys try to snatch my chain on my way to home some guys tried to snatch my money and locket once when i had gone to visit jagdol , i was teased by a man.they were ever going to snath my chain but lucking my parents came at same way. two guys in the motorcycle snatched the chain of the woman Me and my friends were in group walking in road just then the boys came in speedy bike. They tried to snatch the chain of my friend. We pulled her away from them. two men on a bike pushed me and snatched my necklace my chain was snatched outside the metro station by auto driver my chain was snatached in the market, people just kept looking, I don't know how we became so selfish as people an aunty's chain was snatched at the red light, by the time she got off the riksha, traffic moved, it was a chaos chain snatched of foreigner in the market, people tried helping but the men ran away, they had a knife my mother's chain was snatched in the market a woman's chain was snatched in a crowded market, people tried helping but the men fled my chain was snatched when I was on the riksha and returning from work my mother's chain was snatched near the house by 2 men she thought she knew. She reported to the police who blamed her for wearing gold I was attacked by a guy who tried snatching my chain but people around came to help me my sister's phone and gold bangles were taken away by 2 men who said they'll rape her if she resists my mother's chain was snatched in a crowded market, no one came forward to help her I was going to the gym when I saw two men walking towards me, they were about to snatch my chain but I started screaming I was robbed at a dark street corner by 2 unknown men my aunt's chain was snatched when she had gone to the local market to buy vegetables I have been, abused harassed and robbed of valuables by my Call Centre Driver. No action was taken against them as they have a strong lobby with local political support. Chain Snatching. I saw 2-3 men snatching an old woman#s chain. i was getting back home from the wednesday market in the evening. it was dark already. on my way back home, i saw a man staring at me, before i could figure what was happening, he snatched my chain and ran away my chain was snatched in the afternoon by an unknown man at the wednesday market. he immediately fled. i was too scared to tell anyone about it my chain was snatched in the main market. Two or three guys on white colord Activa followed my friend who was on rickshaw. They tried to snatch the phn but my friend tried to save himself nd his phn, they run away. this ws really dangerous and they might have some weapons too. please look into the matter asap. I had reached the bus stop from my work and was heading towards my home when a biker with a pillion rider came along from behind and tried to snatch my chain. I was able to deny them somehow. I was alone but didn't back off. a thief forcefully snatched mine chain and rings at a lonely place. the accused snatched away the victim's jewellery and also made indecent comments A thief snatched my gold chain which cuts my throat and i was admitted too a hospital When i was leaving, i was waiting for the train when my chain was snatched. while coming in Auto rickshaw two guys hiding their face with Hand Kerchiefs and helmet snatched my chain and sped off, before i could realise the situation. My neck was numb for few seconds. There were scratches also. chain snatching and teasing Chain snatching early morning when a lady was on a morning walk chain snatched by a thief i was travelling towards koteshwar nagar. two boys approached me and said it was dangerous to wear gold and walk alone. so it was best to remove all and keep in the bag. I did so but then I realized that I had been tricked. 2 guys on a bike snatched my aunts chain while she was walking home from work I was with some of my friends in a car. Some guys came and knocked at the door.the blackmailed us and tried to harras us sexually and verbally . A friend's chain was snatched while she was on the street. A man snatched my chain in the train. Many people around stare whistles hoots directly looking towards girls irrespective of the appearance or dress style. In crowded buses also indecent way of behavior and touching. A man snatched my friends's chain while we were walking on the road. Moira to Coutorim road This happened to my brother on the 10th of june 2014 when he arrived late from Yaounde on his way to Buea,At 11pm they were at the bus station in Douala and since there were vehicles at that time ,thiefs harassed them and took away money,phones etc an aunty i know of, her chain and earrings were snatched near the sunday market. a man tried snatching my chain outside the sunday market. women around came to my rescue. they started beating him up and we called the police. my chain was snatched near the bus stop. no one came to help me. two men on a bike snatched our neighbor's chain in the evening around 8 pm when she was getting back from the market. 2 men on a black pulsar bike snatched a woman's chain and zoomed away while she tried to call for help in vain. Someone was trying to become physical with me but it was a distraction to steal my purse. Chain snatching A lady was in the cycle rickshaw. She asked some boys for directions and they snatched her chain. A lady wearing jewellery went to her friend's home to attend a puja. On her return 2 boys came on a bicycle and snatched her jewellery. One aunty was in a rickshaw. Her chain was snatched by 2 guys on a bike. We tried chasing them in our car but we were unable to. A biker snatching a chain of a lady walking on a street pushes her so badly that she falls down and gets injured. The victim noticed that two people were constantly staring at her. She ignored them thinking they were just passersby. Out of nowhere, the two people came on a bike and snatched her gold chain. The snatching caused a deep cut on her throat. Chain snatching at Ramjas Road, Karol Bagh, New Delhi Chain snatching by a biker An incident of chain snatching happened at the Yamuna bank area. I had filed an FIR for that. chain snatching chain and purse snatching chain snatching chain snatching chain snatching and touching and groping purse snatching by bikers chain snatching chain snatching chain snatching
eve teasing chain snatching chain snatching chain snatching chain snatching chain snatching chain snatching due to por street lighting commenting , catcalls , chainsnatching chain snatching and molestation Chain Snatching Chain snatching , and the guys were making absurd comments, and indecent facial expressions a chain snatching happened and eve teasing Chain stealing Chain snatching and theft Chain snatching Stealing Chain snatching chain snatching, wallet snatching, eve teasing chain snatching a person, traveling on bike at 3:00, was stopped and robbed off his wallet and chain stealing lonely roads, chain snatching chain snatching in snatching and stealing chain snatching chain snatching stealing chain snatching chain snatching due to poor street lightning cases like theft and robbery took place cases like robbery and theft due to no street lightning, incidents like chain snatching,commenting and whistles are common in the area chain snatching a boy on a bike snatched the chain of a lady walking near the market Chain Snatching , Robbing Jewellery Chain Snatching Purse Snatching 2 men had taken all the money and jewellry from a family that was going to board a train one of my friends were sexually harassed while she was walking on the street, the man felt her up Once in a market ,when some girls were buying their undergarments,then the person working ant 2-3 boys were starring.Seeing them felt very embarrased so you can think that what those girls were feeling. A friend of mine had sexually harassed in the bus,though the seat of other bus was vacant that old guy sat near by her and keep on touching her intentionally then she didn't want to create a scene and get off from the bus though it wasn't her stop. when i was going home after work some of the bikers tried tp rob me. the road of my hometown after sunset is too dark.there is no street light and chances of getiing robbed is high.And my sisiter was attempted to be robbed and harrased. Two or three guys on white colord Activa followed my friend who was on rickshaw. They tried to snatch the phn but my friend tried to save himself nd his phn, they run away. this ws really dangerous and they might have some weapons too. please look into the matter asap. chain snatching Two men chain snatching a necklace of an old lady ,no guard or no street light was present people are scared of chain snatching .I have witness bikers entered in residential area and snatching chain and purses from wom en .Incidents of eve taesing are also increasing now a days i have seen a lady who was crying because of chain snatching. This incident happened at jj colony, uttam nagar chain snatching incident. couple of guys on bike snatched the necklace of a woman standing across the street pick pocket, snatching I was sec-11 Rohini driving my car .when I stoped in the red light two guys came on a bike and snatched a woman's jewellery one day i was travelling in metro with my friend in the afternoon then one or two persons came and started commenting on her chain snatching my friends mummy's chain snatchin hui hai, Harassed at Dharavi Truck driver touched or tried to sexual harrass me in Mira Road. Be we witness harassment almost everyday.

This happened on the highway opposite Thakur Mall on Dahisar highway at Mira Rd There is Saturday market every week and lots of incidents of sexual harassment with girls and ladies A lady was groped right at Thane station. She was with her daughter. Her handbag was snatched after she was groped and pushed to the side.

Platform 1, Thane station. My friends and me went to Carter road and we were having some fun. Suddenly my friend noticed a guy taking pictures of us. So we went up to him and told him to show us the phone. And we found the pic, deleted it and slapped the man and walked off. A rowdy looking man snatched my golden chain and ran away and I couldn't do anything. Forceful touching in the train Indecent exposure and chain snatching Harassed at Nangloi Jat. People were ogling and my chain was snatched. chain snatching at Najafgarh This incident took place on 17-09-14 around 2-4pm at the metro station.
My friend usually get harassed on daily basis on this station.I would like safe city to take initiatives to stop this.It is very unsafe (Please) As the auto we were travelling in slowed down before Borivali west railway station signal we spotted a man walking very close to the auto only to walk behind it and put his hand inside the auto to touch probably by intention of snatching the purse. The traffic started moving and within seconds he was gone. We were too shocked, froze and couldn't react to what happened at that instant. AFTER 9:30 PM AND EARLY IN THE MORNING NEAR KANJUMARG RAILWAY STATION A GANG OF STABBERS ARE ROBBING AND HARASSING WOMEN AND GIRLS. Few people were passing comments over a girl passing through a park As I go to college in Bandra, Carter Road, there are many college going students who comment on firls all the time. And they even touch them and run on bikes.

This happens almost everyday. Two separate instances, the 1st one,that happened last evening at 5.30 ryt next to a temple,( to indicate that it's not a lonely area) 2 youth on a bike tried to grab a ladies chain, they failed..so they went ahead , turned n came back n snatched her bag n got away..                                       2nd instance same street just around d corner (few meters ahead) laptop was snatched from a young grl.. This happened at 7 am where 2 guys on a bike entered by building and asked for directions. As I began to respond, the pillion rider snatched my gold chain. It happened so quickly that I could not take down the bike number nor the description of either people on the bike. This incident occurred 6 months ago but i still feel it was yesterday because the shock was too bad.

I was returning from my yoga class at 8 am. Normally I am with friends but that day I was alone. I walked past the church on the way home and 2 boys on a bike came towards me. They touched me and were staring at my chain and purse which I had in my hand. They could not snatch it at that time but they followed me and were staring at me.

I stood there for a little while and was looking at them. The boy in the pillion seat continued to look at me but then they went away. I started walking back home. As I reached the Hanuman Temple, 2 other boys came from the opposite side on the bike. They stopped the bike and the pillion rider asked me where is the hardware shop. I told them I didn't know and they could ask someone else. Very few shops were open at that hour and there were very few people on the road. They said it was ok and just started moving.

Suddenly the pillion rider grabbed my chain but fortunately he grabbed my dress instead and I used my presence of mind to lift my hand and hold onto my chain. My sleeve tore in the process and there were nail scratches on my upper arm. God saved me and my chain. They sped away on the bike.

It appeared that the 2 boys on the first bike and the 2 on the second bike were working together in tandem. Many such incidents have occurred on this road. Now there is a policeman posted opposite the church. mobile phone was stolen by a boy who was on a bike and ran  away without seeing whether how he had hurt that girl. chain snatching,touching/groping in parks,murder happns due to theft and chain snatching .parks are not safe for people. In H-block,Shastri Nagar 5-6 yrs old small girl was raped by shopkeeper. guys were roaming around this place and commenting and whistling over the girls. chain snatching,commenting,ogling/facial expressions,others chain snatching,commenting,touching/groping,rape/sexual assault chain snatching,rape/sexual assault chain snatching,commenting. Outside Ganga Ram Hospital. Some people started commenting bad words on me and my friend. Catcalls Commenting and bad facial expressions, taking pictures, indecent exposure, sexual invites Catcalls Commenting and bad facial expressions Chain Snatching, commenting, and ogling Whistles, chain snatching, ogling, taking pictures Commenting &amp; chain snatching Chain Snatching and sexual invites chain snatching and commenting in the bus evening Chain snatching and commenting in the evening Two bikers snatched the chain of a lady near the Jnakpuri metro station.It happened in the morning. This incident took place in front of banasthali public school in the morning.
A woman was walking and a biker snatched her chain and purse. Chain snatched of a lady standing on the bus stand in the afternoon. Was on a rickshaw with another lady.One person on scooter following us snatched my gold chain.Luckily it didnt went on his hand.It happened in the afternoon in around march 2012 i was going to the market when my chain was snatched by two bikers. This incident took place near haiderpur area in the afternoon.
A lady was sitting outside her house and two persons on a bike snatched her chain leaving her helpless on the ground. Chain snatching near satyam hospital,A block,delhi-110089 in the evening. Lady was passing through our society gate in the evening and 2 persons came from behind and were on a bicycle and snatched her chain. I was coming back from school in the afternoon and I saw two bikers snatching the chain of a woman. Chain snatching in the morning. It is everywhere nowadays and happens every time.It happens everywhere at sector 9 also. I didnt witness but was communicated the same.
2 men on bike snatched the chain of a lady and dashed off.It happened during the night. It happens in the cinema halls during evening and night. It happens in the metro during evening and night. While trying to cross the road,guys in bike snatched a girl's chain and ran away.It happened in the afternoon. Chain snatching,commenting and touching in the evening. harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment two boys on a bike snatched the chain of a woman while she was standing near a gate. they were wearing masks my chain and purse were snatched. my mother and i was going to the market A lady faced this while travelling in the bus, While returning from college to home, two bikers snatched my mother's chain. five boys snatched chain of one girl and ran away it was really bad. it was really bad. it was really bad. Person who snatched the chain was walking.This incident took place in the evening. There was only one guy without any vehicle and snatched a chain of a lady but got caught by people nearby.
It happened in the evening. Guys who snatched the chain were on a bike.It happened in the morning. chain snatching and commenting in the area in the night. Commenting,chain snatching and catcalls in the area in the evening. my purse and gold jewelry was snatched.