 I always feel shy when I pass past boys There is a boy who tried to kiss me and i accepted There is a boy who is disturbing me Is it healthy to have sex while still in your menstrual cycle? If a boy hugs you inappropriately what should you do? There is a boy who likes disturbing me and I dont know what to do If your periods take long time to appear what might be wrong, If a boy is disturbing you and you have refused and he still follows you what do you do and if a boy tells you to have sex with him and he pays you what should you do ? What can you do when a boy tells you he wants you? I have a friend who is pregnant and she is 12 years , her parents and friends are sayind she should abort ,what should i DO AS FRIEND I saw a friend of mine being touched by a boy .Please help her .Sheila If you love somebody in your class should you tell him or not? If someone tells you that he loves you and is ready to wait till you finiosh school and will never force you to do anything you don't want ,is it bad? Is condom 100% protective and if you have sex when you are experiencing your monthly period will you get pregnant? My sister and I was going to eat golgappa and a boy was commenting and intentionally bumping into my cousin. While coming back from dance a boy was commenting on my uncle's daughter who was elder than me. We complained about it to the local people and they beaten the guy very badly A girl senior from me who lived in my apartment was harassed by group of boys. Everdag they form a group with their bike and harass her by whistling, touching and commenting. If a boy has HIV and you sleep with him will you get HIV ? If a person at the age of my father want to have a relationship with you and want to have sex with you what will you do? A girl says she has a friend who likes masturbating A girl says that a man wants to have me for himself as a wife . And she she doesn't like him and he is now spreading to other boys that she is ugly .She doesn't know what to do If a boy wants you to do sex with him and tells you that if you shout or tell anyone  he will kill you.What is the best action to take? Someone says her friend slept with a boy after school A girl says that her neighbor wanted to have sex with his child but the child reported him and he was caught Harassment from boys and and grown men who fit to be your grand father or father .Men do harass small children  by threatening them and taking them to their house and having sex with them under 10 years A grade six boy calling a girl sweet baby every time she passes Young men commenting on a girl with a short skirts; sexy, hot During the course of the interview the MD asked me Inappropriate questions like &quot; what would you do if some man touches you when you are walking down the street&quot;. I felt molested.He also intruded my personal space by asking me questions on my divorce ( when, where, how). I am in need of a job as I have none. If they offer I might join for few months till I find another. But I know I should not join. As he was holding her hand walking a long the road,the man commented on the girl how sexy she looks. A boy loudly commented on a girls hips that they look sweet. A man comments on a girl's body shape as she passes. A boy commented on my dressing. We were enjoying water games and there was a group of boys who were touching girls by any means every now and then. They were shouting,  passing comments. I went with my friends to water park and there a group of boys stalked and commented us. I went to park with my friends and one boy commented on my dressing. And I felt so uncomfortable While I was going on my scooty, two boys on their bike commented very absurd words. They were stalking A she was walking along the road and some men who were behind her were commenting on her buttocks. A boy checked into a girls bag and found sanitary towel then he started comment about it to the rest of the class members. A girl disturbed by two men via their comments about her.She faces the challenges of being disturbed by other men too on her way to the shop. A girl being disturbed by boys and always comment on how sexy she looks at home. I went to market with my mom.  Suddenly two bikes came,  they snatched the chain of women and passed a very vulgar comment. Here commenting is very common. Every other girl is catcalled commented and so on. There are no lights around my hostel and it gets very dark in evening.  And because of this harassment has becomevwry common there. I often hear comment on my dress,  body on roads.  And somewhere I have learnt to live with it. One boy commented on my dressing and did it's too sexy. Spread some sexiness here also. Boys often comment and stalk when we return home from school While I was crossing,  few boys commented on me very vulgarly I was sitting in eco park and boys commented on my dressing. Drunk guys kept commenting and staring at us and tried to engage in conversations. A man kept following me.. It was scary.. He kept saying something boys are calling girls there sweethearts boys like commenting on a certain girl in school on how she is a certain teacher told a girl that she sweet a boy is seducing a girl There is a man who has been trying to seduce me for a long time We, a group of 6 girls, went for a day to Ocean Hills resort in Uttan, Mumbai for a holiday since it was Gandhi Jayanti. Though we enjoyed the morning, in the latter half of the day, there were a group of guys who also came to the place. In some time, we realised a couple of them were drunk. They began approaching us asking us to join them in the pool, to allow them to play cards with us and teach them how to swim. We were minding our own business and enjoying ourselves and it was annoying that we were forced to retreat into a corner so as to avoid them and their unwanted advances and boorish behaviour. A boy often stares me on my way to coaching but I never actually gave him notice. However many a times he comments as well. Boys often comment on girls A man gave me a flying kiss and asked my number. The main station area is unpleasant for women and it is not recommended to go there in the evening/night.
The quarter is full of male immigrants who stare at women, make dirty comments, whistle and even more. When passing through the Schillerstraße at about 9 p.m. I received dirty comments, whistles and one filthy pig even grabbed my ass.

My complaints concern the area from Bayerstraße in the North to Pettenkoferstraße in the south and from Paul-Heyse-Straße in the west to Sonnenstraße in the east. A boy was commenting on a girl's dress Some boys were commenting on me and my friends. 2-3 boys were passing cheap comments on us. A boy clicked my pictures and later when I saw him clicking, asked him, he started to abuse me A group of boys were abusing every other girl in the park as if that's their way of fun. Boys were making sounds of moaning and were continuously starting on me and my friends A group of boys commented on me and my friend A boy commented on my body type and dress in such a absurd way that I felt humiliated and started crying A boy asked me for my number A boy commented on my waist A boy commented on my body. A man asked me to go on a drive with him A boy commented on my body type. He body shamed me A boy was passing cheap comments. A boy commented on my dress A group of boys started making sounds and commented on my dress. A boy was passing cheap comments on me. A boy abused me for no reason and when I asked, he started to shout An old age man asked me for having sex A man asked me to go with him and have fun. A group of boys commented on me and my friend and were trying to click our pictures. A boy was passing cheap comments on my friend A boy commented on me and my friend A boy commented on my short dress A group of boys commented on me. A guy commented on me and my two friends.He said that come sit in my car and have fun with me tonight. Mr Roshan Kumar, Member of Technical Staff at Global Foundries has been a nightmare for working women. Groping in name of something else, sexual invites and horny expressions are a norm for him. It appears that if he does not talk about sex for few mins in front of his juniors, he will die. That man has abused his power by threatening too. People are scared that they might lose job. He randomly asks women for sexual favors and I am sick of it. One boy stalked and commented on me When I was going to school, a group of boys commented with very vulgar words A group of boys commented on me When I was returning back from school to home, two boys commented on me that I look like maal. A group of boys were commenting on my dress and body. I was stalked and commented by two boys When I was going to market, two boys commented very vulgar words on me. day there was a guy peeing in the corner of the dead-end, when he heard the dog bark at him, he quickly turned towards our direction and flashed. I hurriedly took my dog and went back home. While walking back I could hear him making crude comments. Boys in my way stares and comments such vulgar things that I feel very awkward Boys stare me on my way to school in a vary bad way. A boy stalks  me and whistles Boys often comments and stalks girls on their way to school and back home. A group of 4-5 boys often stalks me on my way to tuition. They sing vulgar songs, whistles and winks at me. They even pull my dupatta. A boy often asks me name and number on my way to school. Boys often catcalls like item, come &amp; sit on my bike.they ask us to call them. They stalk us everywhere. Whenever girls go out, one or other boy either comments, stalks, or catcalls or ask for number. And they enjoy doing that to girls. While returning home, often boys stalk me and asks for my number, catcalls me Whenever we return to home from school, boys comment on us, gives us flying kiss. Often boys whistles, comments and stalks girls A boy often stalks me and comments. And when I complain it to my parents they blame me only. A boy stands on my school Gate and stares at me. He says vulgar things. And when I don't respond, he Ben stalks me to my home and even to my tuitions. A boy used to stalk and comment on my friend on her way to tuition Boys often comments and stalks on our way to schools and back A boy was saying me I love you. Please sit on my cycle and so on. However I replied back but felt really bad. A boy asked for my number and when I didn't replied anything then he started to stalk me When I go for my tuition then a group of 4-5 boys stalks me, whistles at me. Sings vulgar songs, winks at me and many a times pull my duppata as well Often boys comment on girls. They throw their their numbers written on a paper I saw a boy stalking and commenting on a girl while she was returning from her school A boy used to stalk me and later on he used to roam around my house as well. And then he started comment on me as well. A man commented on my body type A group of boys abused me with vulgar words An old man started singing vulgar song staring at me continuously A group of boys commented on my dress A group of boys commented on me while they found me going alone. Boys always comment Girls are often commented Boys often comments on girls. Two young boys tried to grab my sister when she went here for running at around 7 pm. This was in 2011. Since there was no one there, one boy grabbed her from behind and the other from the front. But she managed to break free and then shouted and started running towards them. TOok one of them to the police station and kept slapping him till the police asked her to stop/ Commented by a group of boys. Boys comment on my dress. Two boys were stalking me and my friends and singing item numbers. A group of boys commented on me and my sister about what we wore Sometimes, In college some boys make comments about the girl's physique and sexuality. It happens frequently. One of his friend did not no about the sex. He was immature. Some people of college purposely show him porn videos. They verbally abused him so much. They molest him also. One of his friends did not about the sex. He was immature. Some people of college purposely show him porn videos. They verbally abused him so much. They molest him also. Girls are often stalked and commented on their way to school and back home Boys stalk and comments on our way to school and back home. I came out of the bank and two men commented very vulgar words. I was returning from bank and ghee were two more girls.  Suddenly n auto passed and they spoke such vulgar words to those two girls. Commenting and catcalling is very common in hajipur Auto stand. My daughter was returning from her school.  A boy was just passing comments on her and stalking her.  However she just responded them back and threatened them to complain. A girl was coming g back from her school.  And a boy was just stalking her and commenting on her in some vulgar words. That girl was terrified.  Then I called her to my house and called her family so that she can go home safely. Writing this on behalf of my wife..she is leaving in jaipur currently for her studies from Mahatma gandhi medical college in sitapura area in jaipur and stays in a hostel close the college B-312,sitapura residency colony near IIGJ institute and i work in bangalore in an IT COMPANY...so the incident came like after her dinner at around 8pm on 19th may, she and one of her friend in hostel went to buy  ice cream at a near by shop close to hostel(approx around 300metre) nd while coming back there was no light in middle and their comes these two guys on bike aged around 28-30..they slowed the speed of their bike nd touched my wife's friend from behind nd then tried to touch on front..nd then my wife shouted. These guys then ran off on their motorcycle, my wife nd her friend was shock aftr this...and today on insisting coz i could make out of her voice that something had happened, she told me the whole story.
And now today ie on 20th may again at same time around 8:30 pm my wife finished her dinner nd was going back to to her room when she saw the same two guys on street passing nd making noices on girls standing in balcony..my wife then hidden herself behind the pole in balcony nd saw them going nd noticed that these guys stay on the same road of their hostel at around 300metres in a house. This is ridiculous. And i wanna use these platform.. to let this go to concerned authorities nd strict action should be taken against these culprits. A young man said to a girl that she has pretty body to walk alone on a concert I was walking around a car show with no bra on and two old men started making really lewd comments An old age man in the Bhekavali village of Mahabaaleshwar used to talk many women indirectly about sexual contact or comments on the sexual capabilities of his own and of others too. Tha incidence happence again and again so date is not fixed. Experienced Stalking Experienced Stalking I was stalked at this location. Was commented upon and touched and groped in this location Male experienced ogling and staring, commenting, catcalls and whistles and picture was taken without permission. This location has poor lighting. Taking pictures without permission Experienced commenting A 20 year old student faced catcalling, commenting and stalking here less than a month ago. A 20 year old student was commented upon and stalked here, around 2 months ago. A student here was stalked twice here. She was also catcalled and commented upon. A woman aged 20, experienced catcalling whistling and commenting less than a month back. Incident occurred with a male student, early in the morning. People pass inappropriate comments especially during the the night time. In the evening time, usually a group of people gives various facial expressions which are not appropriate. Sometimes they even take pictures and pass offensive comments. People pass various inappropriate comments. Incident did not change pattern of accessing the location Incident did not change pattern of access to the location. Incident did not change pattern of access to the location The person was indecently stared at, inappropriately touched, commented upon and stalked. The person faced Eve teasing, but that hasnt changed her pattern of accessing the situation. commenting at the individual sexuals invites and commenting stalking and commenting commenting at churchgate makes it unsafe the location is unsafe as there is a lot of harassment associated with commenting in the afternoon commenting at the location in the afternoon commenting and stalking at churchgate in the evening catcalling/commenting/whistling/ogling/taking pictures Commenting outside the mall. the individual has faced catcalling and whistling and also inappropriate pushing at the location the individual feels unsafe at the location because there is a lot of staring and commenting boys come at night and catcall/whistle at girls the individual does not feel safe due to the crowd present and is scared to come out of her house post 12 the person does not feel safe due to the catcalls and whistling taking place every midnight the individual always feels unsafe due to the boys loitering around the streets and passing comments incidents throughout the colony at night and the father is scared to let her daughters out Incident has not changed pattern of access to the location Unsure whether it has changed access of the location. Incident has not changed the pattern of accessing the location Person was not aware of the laws regarding sexual harassment Some young boys were whistling continuously which made her feel uncomfortable. They also passed various comments for which she had to leave the place. In this space, I have been sexually harassed in different ways. From a group of men who have verbally assaulted me, to a man chasing me for a few meters. although it has police activity, they generally ignore the complaints Whistling and commenting, which was ignored by the girl. The incident was not reported to the police thinking it wasn't that big of a deal. A woman from UK was sitting alone and we approached her because although she was sitting alone, she was surrounded by four men who were taking a selfie with her. When we asked her about it, she said they had asked her for a picture and after she had declined, they still took a picture. She said it was the third time that evening that someone had done this to her. While I was speaking to her, multiple times, men came and listened to our conversation and contiued to take pictures with/of her. When I asked them what they wanted, they replied with &quot;they wanted to hear what she was talking.&quot; She also said that she was stalked the previous night from CST to Churchgate. And the man only left when she told him she doesn't drink alcohol. Another man had come up to her on Chowpatty and asked if she wanted to have sex with him. I often see men calling girls with different names and singing lewd songs, following them just for fun. But that is violating. यहाँ से महिलाओ को निकलने  मे रास्ता खराब  होगया है । तो लड़कियाँ डरती है ।  जाने  से कॉलेज जाते वकतपर कुछ लड़के  खड़े होकर हेरान करते है । मै कुछ सम्मन लेने के लिये गई  थी तो  एक लड़का  मेरे पीछे पीछे आ रहन था Jab bhi me markit jati hu vhan pr kuch gallt tarike se dekh kar galt baat karte hae ! Guy sat across from me on the train from Lausanne to Geneva. Was constantly touching his foot to mine and staring and smiling creepily. When I would move my foot he would move his back again to be touching mine. When I got up to leave he again smiled but super creepily and said hey you, bye, have a good day in way that made me feel extremely uncomfortable. Perfect way to ruin someones entire day! Thanks creep! me kakarya gai thi to vhan par ladke bhot khrab hote hai or mhilao ke stha coomenting karte hai me ghar ke kaam se bhar nikal ti hu to ek ladka mujhe daekh kar git gaata hai yhan par bhot bhid hoti hai yahn par ladke mhilao ko dekh kar galt baat se baat karte hani baeral markit ke paad auto ke liye khde hote hai to vhan par ladke log stoking karte hai saam ke vak ladke log daaru pi kar mhilao ke sath commenting karte hai Macho bystander yelled at pedestrian, calling attention to a physical feature. Reported stalking, catcalling, whistling, taking pictures, touching reported stalking, groping,ogling, and commenting reported stalking, taking pictures and commenting reported touching,groping and commenting reported ogling,catcalls, taking pictures, commenting, no streetlights reported ogling, catcalls and indecent exposure reported taking pictures and commenting A friend of mine was assaulted by a boy who at first was staring at her and when she scolded that boy,he started passing bad and vulgar comments on her I am the students of patna college and when I and my friend were on the campus few boys started following us and afterwards they started making facial expressions which discomforted me and my friends. When we showed objection they started commenting on us and one of the boy clicked our photograph for threating us Few boys were continuously staring a group of girls and were passing bad comments on them I was walking on a road where I saw few boys were stalking  and commenting on a girl. It was because of poor street light A lot of shopkeepers outside the metro station were passing comments and staring at the girls passing by. Swag Markit ke past kuch lake khede hour cement kar rhthe Commenting and eve teasing by a group of boys This is the area that was described as yes for sexual harassment near Jai Hind College and Government Law College, near Churchgate Station. No specifics given. Homophobic construction workers yell “Bakla!” at straight male pedestrian wearing pink. Hacienda Degollado is a local Mexican restaurant that my partner and I have frequented for the past few years. Male employee who usually runs the register (he has chin straps), is potentially the owner, always stares at me (female) when we come in. During this visit with a group of friends &amp; my partner, I made way to the restroom where this man said &quot;hey pretty lady&quot; and made very suggestive eyes at me. I did not respond and since then do not make eye contact with this man. He still stares whenever we go in and has made my visits there very uncomfortable. Pedestrian yells at another pedestrian on their looks. Former is looking for a fight with latter. Was standing for auto,
There a boy talked poorly over there. gomtipur pakodi ki ladi pe me pakodi kha rhi thi ek ladka mujko dhkka marke nikla or vhan se bhag gya . Sham ke samay yhna par daru pi kar mhilao ke sath chedti karte hae . If we stand for auto, then the boys will comment on their ham. When the tuition goes to class, I sing the song after seeing the boy. A boy was following me in a kindergarten. Was wrong gesture. Seeing girls going into this expanse, they tease. I stay in a hostel near income tax. And often guys pass lees comments and stare girls in a way that make them uncomfortable. I have been through it many a times. I was passing a street and there were no lights. Suddenly a man came and pressed my chest from behind and ran away laughing before I could understand anything I was passing the road, a bike rider slowed his bike and groped my breast. I complained to the police but he was freed after sometime. The bus conductor was passing bad comments on me. जाती हें तो वहाँ आदमी कालू शयद की दरगाह के पास कुछ चरसी लोग रहेते हें । वो लोग चोरी करते हें । अगर महिला दरगाह मे लोग कमेँट करते हें । वो लोग नशा करते हें । वो जगह को सेफ रखना चाहिये ! सुभा  7 बजे जब मे स्कूल जाती हूँ तो चार राते के पास बघारी लोग सिटी मरते हें । यहाँ पर आम पब्लिक का आना होता हें । यहाँ पर महिलाओ के साथ हरेस मेंट बोता हें । यहाँ पर सेफ्टी होना चहिये: Yahn par kuch ladke khde rhete hae or ladkiyo ko dekh kar heran karte hae ! इस मार्किट मे जब शॉपिंग करने गए थे तो वहाँ पर लड़के लोग गलत इशारा कर रहे थे ! मे जब दरगाह जाती हूँ तो बहा पर लड़के खड़ेरहेते हें । और लड़िकयों को देख कर गलत इशारा करते हें । यहा पर कई लड़कियों के साथ  रेप हुवा हें । रात के वकत घर से निकल ना ठीक नही होता हें । स्कूल जाते समय भी लड़के बसस्टॉप तक पीछा करते हें । इस मार्किट मे जब हम शॉपिंग करने गए थे तो वहाँ पर लड़के लोग गलत इशारे करते हें । मार्किट मे जाते  हें ।  तो यहाँ पर लड़के छू कर जाते हें । गलत कमेँट करते हें । Yhan par kuch ladke khde rhte han or ladkiyo ko dekh kar heran karte hae na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na Pedicab cyclist insults and threatens shopper outside the mall, yelling at the top of his macho voice. Sexually assaulting Whistling and passing valgur comments na Catcalling commenting and touching na na na na na na LGBT'S harassing Male The man is drunk in this place near the place. Chef is not there for women to go from here The boys are stunned with the girls standing at Sarangpur bus stop. Bike riders and cycle riders comment and run away इस तालाब के पास एक गार्डन हें ।  हम वहाँ पर साम के समय जाते हें ।  यहाँ पर लड़के भी आते आते हें ।  गार्डन मे लड़कियों को देख कर इशारा करते हें । Markit mea ham jate han to yhan par mhilao ke sath comment paas karte hae कॉलेज जाते समय कुछ लड़के लोग गलत कमेँट करते हें । I was in CBD on Sunday with two of my friends, one of whom is of biracial descent. Nearly every man who passed us had to say something like 'hi sister, where are you going, looking so beautiful', and they were especially directed at my friend, who also felt uncomfortable with how touchy-feely people were towards her especially in the Maasai market in CBD. I am used to staring but I have never felt so uncomfortable passing by nearly every single man on the street and we were both so relieved and thankful to get into a cab and go home. I felt very unsafe and I know my friends did too. Pedicab cyclist harasses companion with a sleazy, “Ingat po, mam! Balik po kayo!” Pedicab cyclists insert themselves with impunity into conversation with companion. This has happened at least twice already. Repeatedly called “Bayot!” by pedicab drivers for weeks. Me and my friends were wandering on kali ghaat and taking pictures when a boy suddenly commented on us that we were giving nice pose for the photos Me and my friend were going through the area and suddenly a boy in a car intentionly asked us if we were free and will join him for a ride Students of other departments commented on me with some indecent words. A guy commented while i was going for my class that me and my friends should not move as it is a distraction for them I was walking to the club with my friends when two men in a van catcalled us while they were stopped at a traffic light pedicab cyclists yell insults at pedestrians illegal pedicab cyclists harass non local pedestrians by attempting to imitate their speech man with thin voice yells at me in a somewhat low voice bayot ,when it became apparent to him that i wasnt responding ,steps onto the sidewalk from where he had been waiting and walks towards me just to say the same thing in the same tone of voice bayot pedicab cyclists yell and comment on pedestrians physical appearance pedicab cyclist stationed near red chairs yells bayot at pedestrian ghomne gaye the to kuch ladke ne siti mari The boys are following. Touches. The boys are following. Touches. Here girls are surprised. Let us comment. kakariya Today the boys were behaving badly with the girls, there is a need for a lot of security here. Let's tease with girls. Goes wrong. mandir ke samne bhot se ladke khde rhete hae or picha karte hae is visatr mae raat ke taime nikalna bhot khrarab hota hae yan daru pi kar ladkiyo ke sath khara baat karte hae, Bus stations shy away. Do the comments. When you go to school, you follow auto. kakariya  garden  in my  taking   pictures jamalpoor  bajar  of  cakla Hoy, mientras caminaba rumbo a casa con mil bolsas del súper, un hombre se me acercó a hablarme y seguirme por toda una cuadra. After sitting on bench next to stranger and then moving off, man said goodbye then he hoped to see me later, then he hoped to see me soon, real soon, then he shouted &quot;im gonna get that&quot; and made disgusting noises yhan par kuch ladke khde hokar ladkiyo ko commen karte hei, staking karna ladkiyo pe comment pass kiya jata h. ladkiyo k travelling me problem hoti h ladko ka grop khade rahete hai aur activa se jane wali ladkiyu ka picha karte hai 10 baje raat me us rasse se humko sef nahi hota hai In his group, their was a beautiful girl. When we are in group, some of our group members passed the comments on her. Sometimes comments were related to sexuality. People comment while passing by. 3 months back,I was being stalked by a person and the person used to  clicked pictures whenever I used to cross that area. 3 to 6 months back she faced a person who was using inappropriate words and continuously taking pictures. It was in the evening time and not many people were there in the area. People gives various inappropriate comments. Some people were constantly givingfacial expressions and passing various comments. sexual commenting na Crowd during peak hours The boys of our expansion are very bad.
Commenting on the coming of the ladies, they comment. Two male students nearby recognized me from our old schools, and they knew to communicate with me via gesture by using an universal gesture for &quot;call me&quot; and &quot;suck&quot; and I quickly entered to my college away from them. We don't go to the same college but they're definitely in a neighboring college. name: shanjana mae sam ko jab tiyushan cllas me jati hu to vhan par ladke khde hokar commenting karte han jab me tiyushan cllas me jati hu to vo maera picha karta hae On my street, i get harassed daily by the guys. They comment about my boobs and buttocks,and say the will have sex with me one day.they touch indecently but i always run from them. They do this because there is no street light. A woman was thrown out of the house with her baby without food for two weeks. She depended on passersby for her and baby feeding. She was being harassed and taking advantaged of by hoodlums.Her child too was exposed to danger. Everyday in Makinde street, sexual harassment, sexual invites, commenting, catcalls, occur. Little children also are victims. I have heard of rape issues at this spot. One of the reasons is lack of street light. So the harassers hide in the dark to commit this evil. For a week in the morning when I found be taking my dog for a walk, a milkman on a bike would follow me and times try to talk to me. I felt extremely uncomfortable and went home in tears. This continued for a week and no one cared to stop the man. It was not until my father intervened that he stopped. I wished that someone who was witnessing it had helped me. For a week in the morning when I found be taking my dog for a walk, a milkman on a bike would follow me and times try to talk to me. I felt extremely uncomfortable and went home in tears. This continued for a week and no one cared to stop the man. It was not until my father intervened that he stopped. I wished that someone who was witnessing it had helped me. Stalking and threatening. Creating physical damage to home. Shouting in all indecent words. threatening to destroy life. Sticking and touching in bus when there is crowd.
Whistling when I walk home. In bus, a guy tried to touch me and  in some area around, a group of boys were singing cheap songs. My friend and I were crossing the bridge on the railway station when a group of guys started whistling and passing comments on us. The guy at first was staring at me and later started passing cheap comments Some guy blocked my friends and grabbed her bag. More like eve-teasing. Nothing to a very great extent but two guys tried to follow me on my way back home and behaved indecently. Staring at people while passing from Kings Cirlce Station to
Throwing stones/Acid and passing comments to Mahim Station. Singing songs
Vulgar comments
Whistling 
Pressing bodies in public transport
and Touching. I've seen two boys commenting on one of my friends and teh comments were very cheap. When I was going to the station ,the road beside it had group of boys passing comments. I've heard that the girls are facing problems like snatching and staring at the Bandra East Station. During a walk from my college to my flat, a group of boys in a car suddenly stopped and started commenting. Whenever we were going to or coming from the tuition, a group of boys stalked and followed one of our tuition mate daily. They even followed us once on a street. Once, when we called the police, they ran and escaped. Singing out loud cheap songs, a man was found giving sexual invites to us at mid- night. I was cycling early morning when a man came from behind and touched me inappropriately. On my way to my coaching, a person constantly stalked me everyday for over a month. A scooter driver groped my back and made some indecent invites. Same thing happened with my friend. Eve teasing Eve teasing I went for a walk in the early morning around the North Campus area and an auto rickshaw driver started masturbating when he saw me. It is usual to be harassed or stared at by someone or teased by someone. Staring, passing comments Eve teasing, staring i was sexually assaulted after a night of drinks with friends by acquaintance . he tried to forcefully get my clothing off . Commenting and staring Inappropriate touches in public transport like metro taking pictures and commenting rude behaviour ,catcalls I was walking in a street and few boys on bike commented on me. a guy was staring at me and he was passing comments to me a guy texted me  on  whatsapp and he is doing this till date as he have different number I was in that amrket and some boys were passing comments on me a guy commented on me and then tried to talk to me again and again and asked for my number a guy was commenting on me when Iw asgoing to my home A guy was singing some hindi song and they were like hurting me as he was trying to tease me with that and then he touched me when I was coming out of metro It happened to one of my friend ,her tution teacher harrased her for a long time while going tutions one boy always followed me and asked me HOW ARE YOU few boys followed me till ghanta ghar chauraha ( clock tower) when I was coming back from my college few boys passed some weird comments a group of boys commented on me while I was walking on road while I was walking a rickshaw puller whisteled and commented faced kind of stalking many times while coming back from college in the late evening hours since I am in evening college the stalkers even approached me and tried to talk to me folllowing, inappropriate touching a guy clicking pictures in metro A man around age 0f 50 years by touching me inappropriately in the wave pool fun and food village gurgaon group of boys were commenting and were trying to disturb in any possible way I was climbing down the escalator this morning and a shady looking man joined me on the same step on the escalator and started commenting on my saree. He came close to me on the escalator step. I stood there in a frozen state until we reached the bottom. Even then he started stalking me inside the Forum mall until I hurried towards the exit and lost him in the mall. I was very scared as I was alone and had been to watch a movie. A person/stranger was following a girl on the skywalk Touching in share auto
Touching at Bandra Bus Station and in local trains. Sexual harrasmemt at dadar market This report is regarding the survey conducted on sexual harassment in different forms in a particular area It's a survey along with safety audit men see me men staring at me in market street Eve teasing college students by boys in the street. Somebody was pulling my hand while I was walking in the street. I was dragged by a stranger holding very hard and was forcing me to dance along with them in the office anniversary party. Two girls whistled at me and passed comment in a bar. feeling uncomfortable, while people smoke bidi and cigarette on the footpaths I was going to work one afternoon and walking down the road near Maharaja Signal. I saw a group of many men around 10-15 men in this area. They all seemed like they were from the Northern Part of India. I was in a decent salwar kameez covered in a dupatta. One of the men in the group yelled at me saying &quot;I love you&quot; in a very demeaning manner. Again this seems to be politically motivated by the elite white skinned North Indians who consider themselves to be gods and goddesses whereas the brown skinned and black skinned South Indians are creeps and the evil witches of India The white skinned North Indian women are considered innocent and angels from heaven. The problem is because I am a brown skinned woman with blemishes on my skin. So I am called a creep. I wonder who the real creeps are? The men who catcall at the woman and the men who pass sexual advances at a woman at 8 pm in the night or the educated black skinned south indian women who are treated like &quot;naukraanis&quot; by the elite North Indians who consider themselves to be superior to other because of the color of their skin. I wonder who the real creeps are. The men who rape and inflict harm or who women get raped. I wonder who the real creeps are the people who treat women like objects of their sexual desire or the women who have the courage to step out of their homes to educate themselves and fight for their grades? Why doesn't these so called elite North Indians give their rapists a US visa and ask them to educate themselves in a foreign country if they have the courage instead of belittling black skinned South women who have made something out of themselves in the world? This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This is survey carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. Commenting at some one happens everyday in our college. Eve teasing is very common in our college itself. Commenting and teasing etc. A girl was harassed and not supported by family.
At the school campus. Comments were madeon on me when I was walking towards the Depot Was buying ticket in line when I heard someone from behind passing comment at me. A group of boys sit and tease and stare at girls. EVEN catcall and comment and touch all. It happens everyday with lots of girls. iv'e experienced bad facial expressions shown towards me. people tend to comment at you when in train. i've been touched at thane station I was in 10th and was returning from school when my neigbour who's like my uncle held my hand near colony rooms and just started telling me he loves me and used kind of words which were really uncomfortable. Whenever me or my friends pass by if boys are sitting around they start commenting, singing songs etc. when I was going home from college, boys are teasing me very much and that happen everyday. I want the boys to be arrested by police. when I come from college there are boys standing on the streets and stare at me and pass comments and laugh. When I'm mostly travelling in buses, trains et. It's happened to me. comments passed at me and my group nearby the ticket counter. some inappropriately touched my behind. The streetlights are not effective, it was very dark. Sometimes people touch me abruptly and pass comments. Catcalling and eve teasing near the railway station. From jogeshwari to grant road station. This happens mostly everyday when travelling. touched inappropriately at the station. in a local train, when the train stopped at a station, a group of guys entered and there was this girl standing alone. So they started commenting and staring at the girl themselves. The girl didn't feel comfortable. We were walking when a few guys passed remarks against us. I've been teased in this area by some goons at night, whistling and shouting names at me. When I returned to my house. In the way I watched that one girl waited the bus in huda city center. Some boys on bike came to girl's near and they are commented on them. But after some time bus had come, so she went by bus. Hauz Khas bus stop Bus Commenting Followed by a car. Touching and commenting. Followed for a while by a group of boys Catcalls Touching/groping. Bus conductor commenting in a very vulgar manner. Teasing Unnecessarily touching i was in the market with my friend, when some boys were staring at us and they started commenting etc While I was travelling on my scooty, boys on the other scooty were commenting I was being followed while on my way back home . COMMENTING catcalls It has happened to someone i know. she was travelling in the metro as it was very crowded.. she was spanked. Commenting commenting Somebody pichned me on my backwhile travelling in the train a guy unbuttoned his pant and tried to show his private parts tpo the group of girls commenting catcalls/whistles commenting This has happened quite a number of times. So I was walking with my friend in the evening and 2-3 boys on a bike whistled at us. Indecent commentary Inappropriate comments Inappropriate commenting, catcalls and whistling in DTC buses. Catcalls in college fest. Inappropriate comments in a restaurant. In the bus (764), near IIT. Unwanted commenting when asked for a seat from a guy. I was touched inappropriately. People made vulgar remarks about me. DTC bus; CP-Chandni Chowk. I have experienced indecent exposure,  touching and prodding. Indecent Exposure (masturbation), indecent comments, whistling, jostling/touching others' body. once i was standing on the bus stopa man literally seduced me with his eyes and words and i tried to ignore i can never forget. obscene comments and staring Metro It happened to a girl standing next to me. A group of boys were whistling and commenting at her. I was travelling by the metro at Kashmiri Gate, was going upstairs,,there a man came and touchedon my upper body,,and was not able recognisewho he wasas the place was too crowded. My friend was on her way to her home when she was noticed by some goons of the village. She was initially whistled at but then those goons surrounded her and one of them grabbed her hand. She managed to free herself and fled from the spot. 
Being from a rural background she is afraid and terrified by this incidence and is not filing a complaint to the police. Happened at a bus stop two guys were following our car and kept on commenting. Happened to another passenger. she was harassed for the dress she was wearing. two guys we passing comments on her. going back home from the market, two boys in bikes started following me. Happened in motilal nehru college Happened while travelling in the DTC bus i was going back home at night, and a boy on the metro station was whistling i was walking towards my house while this guy started commenting happened in the J block market one of my friend was eve teased i was walking with my friend and both of us were teased i was returning home and saw few boys staring at me, they then started commenting and followed me till the market i was teased on the street while i was returning to my PG in the evening Happened on a bus while coming to college A man started stalking me. There were six boys in 2 scooties. They were eve teasing me and my friend. The street was silent. my neighbor tried to touch me happened in the main market, a group of boys passed by and started commenting Me, my friend and her sister were walking after attending her birthday. We were wearing dresses and a group of Kawads were passing by, hooting and passing comments. I witnessed a 9 year old girl getting winked at by a 22 year old. I was ogled at while in the main market of lajpat nagar I was being ogled at while travelling in the metro. Received vulgar comments while travelling in the metro. near the park while i was walking this incident happened in the evening while i was roaming with my friends this incident happened near my college groped inside the metro by a 40-45 year old man a boy was commenting in the metro A boy was commenting in the metro This incident happened with one of my friends, near the railway line of Chanakyapuri, one man came and was continuously commenting and stalking. A girl was standing next to me and applying lipstick and the boys were commenting and singing cheap songs. I was going to my friends place for the first timr. I was in a cab at one end of a bridge and asked for directions. Two people came ahead right inside the cab peeping from the window asking for sexual invites and touching. It was the first day of college, I was at statin looking at the indicators and suddenly this man comes and touched me in a really bad way and made a really bad noise. I board a train from Churchgate and there were people passing comments and stalking. Nothing much happened, but still security is a concern There was whistling and demeaning comments on the dress that I was wearing while returning from a party. was about to board a train just when these two men passed across me and murmured something very humiliating for me to hear. Touching, staring, sexual invites, commenting I was walking to get my vehicle parked in Seawoods stn parking lot when few men joking around made comments regarding my dressing sense. I felt disgusted and wanted to thrash them but couldn't gather the courage. Student and working Being a student I travel daily There is not a single reason Touching Touched Passing comments, catcalls, indecent exposure touching private parts. Sexual invites, passing lure comments. Been touched &amp; harassed verbally Physically harassed &amp; sexual invites. Making facial expressions &amp; staring continuously in an awkward way. Also face physical harassment. Touching Inapproriately I was coming back from my college when i heard some boys whispering amongst themselves and laughing looking at all the girls passing by. We were going back to our place after visiting our friend. So as we were going to the ticket counter on the way there were some goons kind of people sitting on their bikes passed comments at us. She is a working woman. And she ignored Sometimes she feels unsafe because of the crowd. She does not feels safe during night journeys. She is a working woman. The main reason she feels safe because its over crowded. She is a student and she is a regular traveller but she never felt safe. She faces assault almost everyday. She is a student and she does not feel safe even while traveling in the morning. She faces assault almost everyday but till now she has never taken any action or ever reported to any police official. She does not feels safe at the station. She faces assault almost everyday. She works as a field coordinator and around an year back a man followed her and asked her contact details. She is a govt. official and there are times when she feels unsafe due to overcrowded area. She is 50 and from last so many years almost everyday she has been a victim of sexual assault while traveling. Unfortunately, she never couldn't take any action so far. She is a working woman. Though she has faced assault but she feels safe at CST. She does not feel safe at the station. She sometimes feels unsafe. It depends on the crowd. Commenting staring and commenting Touching and groping Commenting Staring and commenting I was On my way to college and i saw group of people commenting on girls passing by. Poor street lighting, North east Report, Faced many harassment very frequently. Touching/Groping, Commenting, Ogling, Sexual Invites Commenting, Ogling, Touching, Sexual Invites Ogling, Sexual Invites, Commenting, Touching, Stalking Ogling, Commenting Touching/Groping, Commenting, Ogling, Sexual Invites I was coming home from my office when some goondas sitting nearby commented at my appearance. Taking picture &amp; commenting Ogling/Facial Expressions, Commenting was walking past a store when i noticed a man looking towards me making expressions and commented on me while returning. People passing comments Took my pictures &amp; commenting. A person was continuously staring &amp; making comments on my looks. I was walking to get my household stuff when a couple of boys on their bikes were starring at me and made comments while i was returning. Molesters saw my friend on her vehicle near babari mandi and while they were about to leave, They tried to get hold of her pallu while she was on the bike. She scolded them but let them go,unfortunately. Two boys in a scooty passed by me and my friend saying &quot;Hello&quot; in the most treacherous manner. While coming out from station, at the exit of station a group of boys were passing comments and staring continously. uncomfortable touch in Auto thrice by the same person. Once i was harassed and twice i avoided him. Kandivali (E) station going to Thakur village Was going to do some work of mine. Some goon type people were sitting on their vehicles. As I passed by, started following me and passed comments and when I was finally isolated tried to grope me. But,i shouted, made noise to make them run away. It was during my coaching our classmates used to follow us everywhere we used to go and pass comments on our dressing and our body language. it felt very uncomfortable. During Holi celebration a male employee applied colour inside a female employees mouth and poured water over her within the office premises. she was not okay with it and reported the matter I was travelling in the Delhi metro and a man was staring at a girl with the intention full of lust.
After a decent amount of time I couldn't take it and I stood in his point of view and gave him a casual look. Fortunately that sent the message. MY NEIGHBOUR ALWAYS SEEK A CHANCE TO GET CLOSE I WAS WAITING FOR THE BUS. A MAN CAME ON A BIKE AND WAS OFFERING LIFTVTO YOUNG GIRLS. WHILE COMING FROM CLASSES I SAW A GROUP OF BOYS WERE TEASING A GIRL. I WITNESSED A CHAIN ROBBERY A man thought I was a prostitute and was offering money for one night. Was taking pictures. Was taking pictures. few people followed me to my home and also pelted stone at me and comments continuously comments on my look and body parts A girl was sitting beside me. Few boys were following her from last few metro stations and were passing weird comments. returning from classes , a guy said some indecent words to the victim. when I was crossing the crowd , a guy came and hit me badly and commented me that was unbearable. while going to school, someone commented indecent things to the victim and also stalked her later. two guys were there on a scooty they passed vulgar comments. group of boys first stalked the victim and then on getting opportunity made comments which was embarrasing for her. was walking towards home from market someone made rude omments Victim was on hr way to the metro station when a group of boys catcalled and whistled to grab her attention. victim was followed by a group of boys who also made indecent facial expressions and passed obscene comments. None. The riksha driver was whistling and commenting at every girl wearing shorts. An auto riksha driver &amp; his friend was abusing girls on street. Some people followed our cab &amp; passed comments. Near my college Lakshmibai, it happned. No staring at private parts all the time. abusive glares passed at women two guys followed my friend for some time  and passed comments. People are touching and groping at khot lane. Commenting at staring at you. drunk men were harassing. Someone commented on my looks and was continuously stalking me. cat called, jeered at. Hooted and commented on. cat called, winked at. Harrased by a guy on bike i was feeling elpless i was been stared at i can not explain i was touched unappropriated a man was fallowing me and passing comments there was a large group of men who were not good in intention a random man on a bike stopped me and a few school going girls and flashed us, laughed and ran away Eve teasing in late evening when the roads are most deserted. Eve-teasing on streets this occurred last year during isl when we were returning home after a match. since it was late the women's compartment was empty hence we decided to get into the male compartment, there was a drunk man in that compartment and would stare and babble shit since we had male companion with us we felt safe. The poor lighting conditions in this area gives rise to many petty crimes against the girls of the society. I was waiting for the metro when 2 guys looked at me and started commenting how i have dressed and how i look. i was walking towards ddar station around 10;30 am from podar college and reaching half way, 6 group of boys crossed me, and 2 boys on their bikes came back and passed some disrepectful comments and kissing faces A guy was staring at me continuously while I was waiting for the train. My Chain was snatched while I was in the rickshaw. the local chawl men have been calling her names cause she has seperated from her husband cheap comments from pann nagar boys After school, i was walking back to my home, a mid 20's guy, seems to be educated but still did something soo cheap, by making bad comments that makes me afraid to travel alone. It was around 5p.m. After college i was returning back towards metri station, while i came across some drunk boys, who were taking pictures of mine and commenting. It feels unsafe to travel alone. Want to cry when, perverts make such comments. the incident took plae in modinagar,UP.I was on my way to my home wherein i underwent through of the worst situation of my life. i was passing by a street where two bikers came and obstructed by way nd started passing lame comments beyond my imagination.i was awstruck and for a seceond i had jitters but i was not out of my mind and rang up my parents since my house was not far away.my father noted the vehicle number of their bike and filed a complain in the police station. I was coming back from my school with my friends and a boy on scooty slowed down his scooty speed. We felt awkward but decided to ignore him. After walking some distance we saw that boy again. He had parked his scooty along the road side and was constantly staring and had started passing  comments. But this time instead of ignoring we warned him that we will complain about this incident to police if he doesn't stop. Due to poor lighting, one of the boy starting commenting how i look and all. When i was waiting for my metro, a guy next to me started commenting about me to his friend which made me very uncomfortable. While i was waiting for my metro, a guy started commenting about me to his friend which made me very uncomfortable. I went to meet my boyfriend to that college where a group of men stand near the gate of the college and probably if they find then one attractive, they follow her till she reaches her class or wherever in the college and so did happen with me and whole following they even pass some comments and do body shaping. Two boys were on bike and commented abusive words when i was with my three friends i was walking down to this cafe along with my friend and a guy started singing some tacky bollywood song pointing towards us It happened with my friend's brother when he was doing graduation. His immediate neighbor tried to sexually abuse him but he escaped as he informed his parents. A big major incident was prevented because of his alertness. A lot of auto drivers at the metro station often misbehave and talk rudely, or even abuse verbally. It feels very unsafe since I travel alone, and often due to work and college I get late. The place is extremely unsafe for all the foreign tourists, and I have witnessed people taking pictures, calling names and behaving inappropriately with them. A guy got on the metro from Kirti nagar and sat beside me, he suddenly started singing songs while looking towards me and my friend and then kept looking for reasons to talk to us, by asking the next metro stations, our names, etc. He then called out a name before getting off the metro and commented on our clothes. He also kept bumping into us intentionally. Me and my friends were coming back from our internship and going towards the Dwarka sector 10 metro station. There is a wine and beer shop where a lot of men hang around and pass comments and behave indecently. cheap comments from stranger i was sitting in the audi completing my journal and two senior guys passed few comments. i was standing outside of my college and there was a bunch of cheapster sitting in front of us, they are whistling and commenting It feels unsafe to travel alone, after such incident happened with me:( I felt, i wana cry out loud. When some boys commented and whistled. It was the worst experience of my life :( It feels annoying,to hear cheap comments from an stanger. I was traveling from metro station to college, there were boys in street, who were commenting on my dress. It was so shame full and terrifying. a group of boys age group 20-30yrs standing &amp; pasing comments at a group of friends.
near Citi Residenci, Durgapur, W.Bengal a guy used to comment at my sister on her way to tuitions someone commented vulgarly on my girlfriend in the Mumnai local (central line) Since i was the only girl training at the Honda plant, everyone used to stare at me passing comments the localites deal with the stares and comments on a daily basis. I was passing through a street when some men started to pass vulgar comments I was working as an intern in an organisation. The authority so concerned would touch me inappropriately. Even when I told him not to, he would still stare and pass obscene comments. Finally I gave up and tried to avoid him as much as possible. Two guys were taking pictures and whistling while I was with one of my female friend Drunk people in a car commenting on me and my friend. i was waiting for my friend near a dosa stall, and two guys were whistling at this 18 year old This incident has happened to me twice in the same area with the same man, over a period of two years. In January 2014, the mentioned man, then a slightly chubby, balding guy, had crossed my path while i was just a block away from my home. He looks decent, and uses a bike which i now realise, has license plates that are half broken or absent. he then crossed me and came back, stood on the opposite side of the road with his penis sticking out of his pants and asking me to take a look. he was masturbating. I was too shocked to react and by the time I did ,, he had taken off on his back. Recently, the same man, who is now balder and fatter, once again crossed my path on the same road, this time i was near my building. the man was once again on a bike, but a nicer looking black and red sports bike. He had worn shorts and t shirt that people wear to a gym. all black. he came back, again maintaining a safe distance from me, this time he said very derogatory and vulgar things about my private parts, along with what he wanted to do with them. seeing him again , triggered memories of 2014 and i was frozen for a second, but once again when i did react he escaped on his bike. to me he now seems like a serial molester, with a modus operandi of targeting girls/women in that area, in the wee hours of morning, on a bike with no plates. I am certain he lives in that area too. I was beaten regularly by my husband, especially after he was drunk I was regularly beaten by my husband especially when he used to come home drunk Two guys were secretly taking our(my friend) pictures and also blowing whistles while i was roaming around one of the guy started to comment. A middle aged man sitting beside  me in the auto ws intentionally trying to touch me through his fake activities like throwing packets or trying to pull the plastics present on both the side of the auto for rains on a sunny day. An auto driver was trying to harass one of my friend. Number of eve teasers are increasing i was in my colony when some boys came and commented something bad about me i was in my colony when few boys started commenting on me and then i left. I was on my regular evening walk when some guys started following me. They started clicking my pictures and passing inappropriate comments. I was in a rickshaw when suddenly two guys started following me on a bike. They started whistling and passing inappropriate comments. I was on my regular evening walk when there was this gang who started following me. They were passing inappropriate comments and started taking my pictures. I was in a rickshaw when suddenly two boys started following me on a bike and were  whistling and passing cheap comments I was being followed by a man on bike. Being teased by random men. i just came out of natures basket, and suddenly a guy says&quot; chalo aapko ghar le jata hoon&quot; boys comment and stalk girls. I was walking towards the station around 8:30 am, this guy on his bike drove real close to me and touched my hand and his expressions were also so cheap sexual harrasement during office hours I was walking with a guy and 2 guys commented on us. Four or five recent events of violence and abuse, and the public reaction to them, merit comment. First, it is amazing how distinctions are being drawn by many between language used inside the parliament and outside. Let me begin with unreservedly condemning Defence minister, Khwaja Asif’s, comment on opposition leader Shireen Mazari’s voice; his rhetorical request to make her voice feminine and the use of the term ‘truck trolley’.

Mohammed Hanif’s insightful piece on the subject correctly identifies these remarks as harking to patriarchal expectations of how everything ‘woman’ should conform to a standard set by a male; how men in this society feel —— to dictate terms, behaviour, dress and even tenor of voice to a woman. From anyone else it would have been bad enough, but from a member of parliament and a cabinet minister, everyone expects a higher standard of restraint and control over his anger.

However, the seriousness with which this is being debated and protested in the parliament makes me a little perplexed. When the same parliamentarians indulge in, and see, much worse language and behaviour outside the parliament in public spaces, on national television and social media, how do they expect to have it not creep into the house? Aren’t they the same people, talking about each other outside and inside the house? Indeed, aren’t their supporters and we all a part of the same society? I was dismayed, but not too surprised by the altercation in the house between Ms Mazari and Khwaja Asif.

I am more surprised at the indignation, given that the indignant people know very well how low the standards of any kind of discourse have plunged all around us.

The same PTI, that is up in arms right now (rightly), has never bothered to condemn or be indignant about the utterly obscene abuse hurled at their sisters and fellow citizens who oppose them politically. One is witness to such language, abuse and misogyny on social media and television day in and day out. PTI leaders’ language and abuse for their male opponents from atop containers and on television shows is no secret either, hence I do not feel the need to repeat it here.

Other parties, too, have been guilty of similar behaviour, though not to the same cesspit extent. But they certainly are guilty of acting surprised when something like this happens on the floor of the house. They should have been condemning and boycotting those who have played an active part in dragging standards of discourse so low that one is afraid to even speak for fear of abuse.

One of the guilty parties is certainly the media. Everyone knows which channels or show hosts love to create situations that might give dividends in the shape of some abuse, salacious slurs, a few slaps, punches or glasses of water and coffee thrown about. Why then do those who claim to be above it all not boycott these channels and shows? Why does every MNA, MPA, advisor, activist, economist etc.

still behave like a media whore and grace shows of hosts they know encourage abuse, fights and bad language to obtain ‘ratings’? Why do they act all sanctimonious now?

It is appalling that leading lights of several opposition parties continued to spend all their energies and time, and use up all of the media’s energy and time on the so called TORs for the Panama Leaks commission day in and day out. It seemed as if nothing else was happening in the country; as if everyday there was not a report of a woman being burnt alive for honour, or some other equally horrifying or serious issue that could merit their attention. But the self serving focus on going after the Prime Minister to the exclusion of all other duties was disgusting to say the least.

One’s ears oozed with pus at the non-stop months long hyena shrieking press conferences and appearances on TV shows on the Panama TORs. It was only when the fourth girl in four days was murdered that leader of the Senate, Raza Rabbani, took notice and tasked the senate to do something about it – after which everyone made it their ‘cause’. This is the level of apathy towards the plight of the people generally, and to the growing violence towards women.

Is our rulers’ apathy, and the resultant impunity from violence against women, exactly not the reason that Senator Hamdullah (I can’t believe he is a senator) of the JUI thought he could, in the presence of several people in the studio, and on national television, level not only the most explicit, pornographic and filthy abuse at well known rights defender and columnist Marvi Sirmed, but also thought he could beat her up? What he did, and tried to do, in public should demonstrate to everyone the level of apathy towards violence against women in this country; it should demonstrate to everyone what is going on behind closed doors. If this man thought he could, and would, get away with what he was doing, it should tell all something about the state of this society.

So fearless is the JUI, and sure of support from the ruling party and the government of the day, that after the day before’s assault on Marvi Sirmed, Hafiz Uzaifa Shakir of JUI-F yesterday released a video saying, “hum Pashtun gali ka jawab goli se dete hein” (we Pashtun respond to abuse with bullets).

It is tragic and heartbreaking that not a single PML-N leader has publicly condemned the JUI senator for reasons of political expediency. It is brave women like Marvi Sirmed who stand to support elected governments; it is people like her who stand to protect the democratic project; but the ‘democrats’ we support and protect forsake us at these crunch times that are true tests of democratic norms and values. Someone passed a remark at me &quot;you are looking beautiful&quot; inappropriately I was roaming around the market shopping with my sister where a random aged man popped into my ears saying &quot;kya matak rahi hai&quot; I was walking around the market and shopping with mg sister when a random stranger passed by me and spoke into my ears saying &quot;kya matak rahi hai&quot; i was coming alone at 9 and some boys commented and whistled at me. I'm a football player and I was playing football with some friends when we saw a group of friends, girls boys both, who were assaulting a gay couple. They were making comments on their sexuality and harassing them for being who they are.The couple didn't protested and were minding their on business but this group started making fun of them and laughed their asses out as if the they were some stand up comedians. My friends and I couldn't tolerate this and hence we went there and thrashed the group with our words but who will protect the gay couples' rights everywhere? Especially in a place like India. Like every other morning I was jogging towards the central park when two boys suddenly started jogging behind me and started whistling and asking me to look back at them as they made kissing sounds. There were no people on the streets at that time and they looked pretty drunk to me. They hurled abuses and asked how much for a night. Somehow I escaped the situation but when is this all every going to stop ?? I have travelled by metro literally all my life. It was just another day. After I got in the metro , a group of boys also boarded and they stood right behind me. I could hear them making comments and vulgar signs with fingers while looking at me which made me really uncomfortable. I raised by voice against but only to be manhandled by one of them. Luckily there was another guy who helped me and brushed them off but thats enough. I was walking by pratap nagar towards my house after attending Aakash Coaching classes. Some guys started following me and made vulgar comments. When I stopped at a signal to cross the road I noticed them trying to take a picture of me. Thankfully there was a police officer near, though he did nothing only shood them away which isn't enough for dogs like them. I was travelling by metro like every other day. Except on that day there were a group of boys in the metro right beside who were constantly talking in whispers and looking at me. Making vulgar signs with fingers and facial expressions. While i was going out at evening few boys started to trouble me and even called me names and started commenting about me. I had attended a party which happened to get over around 1 am. I could manage to find a rickshaw to travel back home. I was already to conscious to travel alone but i feared more when the rickshaw happened to look drunk. He was driving too fast despite my warnings. And then when i asked him to stop, he kept on driving it ahead. When i shouted and told him aggressively, he stopped at a place where i got down and ran quickly without even paying to him. This incident made a huge mark on me. i went shopping with my family to colaba causeway,while shopping 2-3 me were passing lewd comments and singing. I was with my friends when some random strangers commented something bad. Me and my friends were on a normal evening walk when we came across two men. They started following us and were passing inappropriate comments. When we shouted for help they disappeared on their bike. this guy was whistlig and commenting Majority of individuals from the LGBT group over here works on signal, and the rest either do not tell anyone that they belong to this group or work as prostitutes. 

One of the very famous suburbs of the metropolitan has become home for many LGBTs. People, especially teenagers, boys, harass them frequently. 

People see such LGBTs on that signal either dancing in front of cars or as prostitutes. This is not something that has happened once or twice, but happens every day to this group. 

Students from different universities of Karachi started a campaign to end harassment, and as a result, some progress has been seen. Me and my friend went to Mcleod Ganj for a trip. There at about 8pm we left Illiterati cafe and headed towards our hotel. The road was ill lit, with hardly any people. The passers by and the people going in their cars started whistling and commenting, and stopped a few times in front of us. The experience was quite frightening since we were outnumbered, it was dark and a completely new place. I was going back from a friend's place when my two wheeler broke down near a park. I had been there on the road trying to fix it for about 5 minutes, and then i saw two bikes coming from a distance with 3 men on one bike and 2 on the other. They stopped nearby and started whistling and commenting. But fortunately the problem got fixed and I quickly got on my scooty and left as fast quickly as possible. I was returning from college and that day it was raining heavily. I could not find a rickshaw so i decided to walk as my society is just 10 minutes walking distance from the metro station. I spotted a biker who stopped me and asked for directions, i told him so. 
After that he started asking why are you walking alone should i accompany you, when i ignored him and started walking he reversed the bike and said that dont use the umbrealla maybe boys get lucky to see things. 
And as i said he was on the bike i couldn't do anything also the entire road was empty. At that moment the only thing i wanted was to rush to my home. very cheap comments were passed. My friend went on to a nearby society to meet her friends and she was commented by a man walking by . this is just not accept able We were standing outside our college waiting for auto, while some boys came and started stalking us This happened to an individual who was leaving for her office at 08:00am, when she saw her watchman making comments on her attire. 
Being an independent working lady, she ignored the watchman and left for work. Later that day in the union meeting, she reported the incident to the union's core committee. As a result, the union made a complaint against that watchman in his security agency and in a time span of three days the watchman was replaced with another one. 2 men were commenting about me when I was walking by. a man was commenting at me. I was waiting for my brother outside his college, and a group of boys were also coming there, and by looking at me they started commenting on me and my body and as I could not control stared them and gave a bad look and then they apologized and left I was being commented on, loudly, at the bus stop in front of everyone and nobody did anything to stop it and i was too ashamed to react A man was following me and commenting on my clothes and walk. I continued walking ahead. Indecent Comment passed right outside my home. Two guys passing sexual invites along with stalking Harassment staring catcalls calling staring catcalls catcalls catcalls stalking catcalls commenting Cheap comments followed by clicking pictures I was eve teased by some guys while walking down the road and the things which they said were pretty offensive. I was shaken up for quite some time. Saw two boys on a bike of around 20 years of age eve teasing a girl who was walking down the road. Probably to the metro station. We were a group of girls when some boys passed lewd comments and constantly stared at us. 03:00 pm, time when government colleges gets off and students take buses to go back to their homes. On the same time, people (or more correctly 'teenage labor') try to harass school/college girls either by commenting them on their looks or by whistling. 

Girls during that hour avoid taking public buses; instead, they carpool with their classmates or walk majority of their way back home.  

Government has taken some serious actions against this, when a group of girls complained about this incident in the nearby police station. very cheap comments about my body were passed 2 men were commenting on my clothes and my body Inappropriate comments in the vegetable market around 4 pm. a lot of eunichs thrive in this area and extort money from students and locals alike. if refused, they misbehave I was waiting for a metro and a guy standing behind me was commenting and staring at me. I was sitting at the bus stop as I have to every single day at 6:40 for my bus, it's quite deserted and very few people are up and about. Many times I've had men come up on bikes and jeer and cat call me and make horrible sexual remakrks. Once a guy rode up on a bike and started taking pictures of me and I had to duck. Recently when I was walking there in the evening around 6 so not that &quot;late&quot; in the span of 5 minutes two auto drivers drove up to me on the middle of full traffic and made disgusting remarks at me. A drunk man was commenting about me and trying to take my picture in the station A drunk man was commenting about me and trying to take my picture in the station I was on my way to my son's classes. we were right outside my building and was hailing a rickshaw. that's when when these two teenagers, one of which lived in my building, started pointing at me, made comments and laughed. I ignored it once, but the second time they did it i walked up to them and questioned them and yelled at them. some boys were commenting on girls there. a group of men were standing who commented on every girl who passed by the. a lady at the bus stop felt exploited when two men kept commenting on her looks. a girl was teased and few boys were commenting on her when she was leaving for her work. i was going to a party when a boy in the route commented vulgar a boy commented when i was going to temple A boy commented when I was sleeping on terrace from the under construction multiplex some people seemed so friendly,but kept following and simply trying to initiate a convrsation Love comments bad crowd. staring and making indecent body movements Following and drinking/commenting purposely trying to come close and touch, talk crap making weird noises and laughing at girls One of the male daily traveller used to take advantage of crowded bridge and used to touch and press ladies he just commented and then disappeared. Following and commenting Blind person asked a girl to show him d way towards platfrom no. 4 bt. When girl told him the way he tried to touch her in wrong manner. the place is surronded by goons and very unsafe place for travel i experieced a chain snatching incident in the area .its not safe for anyone due to improper lighting the places is filled with lechourous men who pass comments catcalling ,commenting and grouping is a daily occurance the area is surrounded with indecent people who oogle and pass comments a friend of mine was sexually harassed at the beach no availabilty of street lights and unsafe for women even during day light Verbal abuse and indecent language and behaviour by a teenage boy. My friend and I came back home at night and some guys outside a bar in Panvel commented and were whistling. Around 30 days back, me and my sister went out for some work in the afternoon. 2 boys started singing obscene songs. Its been around a month, I was going along with my friend to her place in the evening, wherein there were 3 boys who looked at me and started singing songs. Then my friend shouted at them. It happened during the evening. a group of guys lurking around the theater at night calling out to girls While we travel, we are harassed and because of this we cannot go anywhere.It happened in the night around  months back. My friend was harassed. Someone passed comments on her at moolchand road in the afternoon. Its been a month. While we were in a bus in karol bagh, a boy was staring at us in an inappropriate manner.This happened in the evening around 6 months back. This happened in the last 30 days during the night. While I was on my way to home I noticed a group of 4-5 boys sitting at one corner. When a girl was crossing that way, these guys commented on her. She ignored and went by. Whenever I go to the toilet complex, I am harassed. This happened with my friend around 6 months back. While she was on her way to college in the morning, some boys commented on her. Around 30 days back, while I was going for my tuition in madangir c block, some people passed comments at me.It happened during the evening. I was walking out of the mall with my friend and a middle aged man riding on the bike watching us and making inappropriate faces passed a comment on us. It was so annoying that not only youngsters but grown-ups also have no respect for women. Was followed by man on bike, while I was walking home from bus stop. I was returning home from market when a boy standing near by passed vulgar comments. This happened to my friend one afternoon. She was standing outside her home. A man was staring and coming towards her. He then came really close her and touched and groped her.Its been around 6 months. When I used to go for my tuition, near the tuition there was a boy. He always used to pass comments on the colour of my clothes. It used to happen in the evening. Its been around 3 months. While I was on my way to tuition, I was harassed. Near a park, I was followed by a boy in the evening. It's been around 6 months I was in a bus and a boy was staring at me in an inappropriate manner.It happened in the evening and its been around 6 months. We do not have toilet in our house. We usually access the public toilet complex. The toilet is usually surrounded by a group of boys and they pass comments.It happened at all hours of the day. I was coming back home from school with my friend in the afternoon.Some boys were passing obscene comments. its been a month. I was going home after my tuition around 8 in the evening and a guy followed me. Its been around 3 months. It happened at my house. My brother harassed me and also misbehaved with me one night.
Its been six months. Near school, I was looked at in an inappropriate manner I was going to pick up my son from the school. Four men sitting in an auto riksha, they looked drunk, started passing obscene comments about me and openly started asking me to have sex. I was so scared that what if someone hears them and blames me because i am a woman. I just ran as fast as i could. when i was going back home there were few guys who were sitting in the car when they saw me they started following me and passed some comments Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Choglamsar (Leh) (evening)
Catcalls- at Choglamsar, Leh market and school in Leh (evening/day time)
Commenting- at school and Leh market (day time)
Touching- at school (day time)
Sexual invites- at Choglamsar (evening)
Others- asking for phone number (day time) Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Leh main bazaar in 2015 (day time)
Taking pictures- at Leh main bazaar in 2015 (day time)
Commenting- at school in Leh (day time) Age: 18 years
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Leh market near Yebhi showroom (day time)
Catcalls- in classroom at school in Leh (day time)
Commenting- “zesma lay” (looking beautiful) (day time)
Sexual invites- yes (evening) Age: 18 years old
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Ibex Colony in Leh (day time)
Catcalls- at Skalzangling taxi stand in Leh (day time)
Commenting- “deymo thong duk” (looking nice) (day time)
Sexual invites- yes (day time) Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Leh market when I was returning home from school (evening)
Catcalls- “chocho lay” (hey doll) (day time)
Commenting- “moti” (fat), “balu” (small) (day time/evening)
Touching- when I was at my brother’s wedding (night) Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Commenting- at school in Leh (day time) Age: 17 years
Type of harassment:
Staring/Ogling- when I was roaming in Leh market (evening)
Stalking- in 2014 during “kachos” (sermon) in Choglamsar (Leh) (day time)
Catcalls- at market in 2015 during tuition time (day time)
Commenting- “moti” (fat) (day time) I was crossing the road when a truck came there was a boy inside it who saw me and shouted &quot;kya dhunadar maal hai &quot; and then I cried like hell Age: 18 years old
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Ibex Colony in Leh (day time)
Catcalls- at Skalzangling taxi stand in Leh (day time)
Commenting- “deymo thong duk” (looking nice) (day time)
Sexual invites- yes (day time) Age: 15 years old
Type of harassment:
Taking pictures- at Agling (Leh) in 2016 on 28th March (evening)
Catcalls/Whistles- at Skalzangling in Leh (day time)
Commenting- at school in Leh (day time) Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Taking pictures- on 28th March, 2016 in Agling (Leh) (evening)
Catcalls/Whistles- at Skalzangling and Leh market in 2016 (day time)
Commenting- at school in Leh (day time)
Sexual invites- at Leh market (day time)
Others- asking for phone number (evening) Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Commenting- at school in Leh (day time) Age: 15 years
Commenting- at Leh Bazaar when I was shopping (day time) Comments were passed at me at Trimurti Seva sangh chawl Someone passed a comment at me in my locality, near the temple at Trimukti Seva Sangh chawl a lady while going to the temple was being teased when two-three boys younger to her were commenting n her. When walking here it gets dark at times in inner lanes, men keep commenting and will even find ways to touch you where they can The place is sector 16 of Vashi, Navi Mumbai. It was 10.30 PM, as I got down at the sector 16 bus stop from BEST 525 bus and started walking towards home. The footpath is shady without street lights, so I decided to walk along the road. As I was walking, someone loudly screamed from the footpath ... &quot;ae idhar idhar dekh&quot;. I involuntarily turned in that direction to see a guy (a labourer) masturbating himself and smiling at me as he did so! I was shocked but I didn't wait around. I just turned my back on him and walked away briskly to the spot where there are lights and where there was crowd. He kept following me for sometime but after he found out that I was headed in a direction where there were many people, he turned around and went his way.

I was shaken as I reached home. All I felt was fear. But now that I'm reflecting on it, it feels I should have punched him for good. However, running away was all I could think of at that moment! An old man of a shop was commenting on us while we were buying things from the other shop. A man was sitting on a bench listening to radio.He commented on me and said I Love you while I was passing from there.I was embarrassed at that moment. Few of the people were found commenting on a women late night near Raksham Nilayam my friend's mother was at vikaspuri F district park and she saw some lewd comments being passed to her by some boys standing there . she tried ignoring them and went away. but because she was alone she couldn't give it back. i am a girl and was going to school.It was sunday and some of the boys commented while passing.That was very depressing for me and I went to home after than rather than going to school Boys going on bikes passes cheap comments and stares. some lewd comments were passed to a girl when she wore a short dress and was going back to her place at night. the so called society questioned her about dressing that way. near queen mary's school one can see a lot of cheap boys standing because of the school being an all- girls school.one girl going out of the school saw a boy commenting on her body which she found really disgusting. Being near du means seeing the mix type of crowd and one of the du students was a victim of some evils comments by a boy. being with her friends the girl could give it back to the boy. a boy sitting far away with his friends kept saying something or the other to a girl in haiderpur village when she was standing at her balcony. I was waiting for a bus at the bus stand where a gang of boys came really close to me and started commenting and singing love songs. People especially boys gaze and comment on roads.We generally ignore but now it has become heights. A man was sitting on a bench listening to radio.He commented on me and said I Love you while I was passing from there.I was embarrassed at that moment. Boys going on bikes passes cheap comments and stares. my friend's mother was at vikaspuri F district park and she saw some lewd comments being passed to her by some boys standing there . she tried ignoring them and went away. but because she was alone she couldn't give it back. Men whistling and cat calling Staring. Singing songs purposely.Following to some distance. Staking and indecent messages to a friend who is  from north east i am a girl and was going to school.It was sunday and some of the boys commented while passing.That was very depressing for me and I went to home after than rather than going to school there was this girl going on road and suddenly this person came and started saying some lewd things which really discomforted the girl. Few of the people were found commenting on a women lat night near Raksham Nilayam Efteasers When walking here it gets dark at times in inner lanes, men keep commenting and will even find ways to touch you where they can A man misbehaving with a lady at Bus Stop 3-4 men staring and started commenting. Sort of eve teasing. Group of people whistling at passerbys.Annoying by calling names and irritating. A person commented 'Mai Amit, mujhe pehchana kya?'&amp; assaulted the girl. Passing comments An old man of a shop was commenting on us while we were buying things from the other shop. commenting While passing through the market I found the group of boys were passing comment on the girl passing near by. Poor lighting at mankhurd railway station Random comments on girls A mob of thugs and drug-dealers stalking women, catcalling by-passers, and the Police does nothing.
For the Police, if you ever read, that's the guy called Mehdi, tall with a scar on the forehead, and his friends the drug dealers. Comments were passed at me in my community (Indira Nagar) I was harassed in my community (Indira Nagar) I was harassed in my community (Indira Nagar) Comments were passed at me in the lanes in my community, after which I changed my route When passing the ground near Indira Nagar, comments were being passed and I was ogled at. Comments were passed at me near the community toilet by a group of boys, who were also staring at me. I was stared at in a dirty way, as well as some comments were passed comments were passed at me, after which I couldn't leave home alone yes, comments were passed yes it happened, comments were passed, there was whistling Om Sai Beach Huts is not safe for female solo travellers. 

While the owner, Gaurav Bhagat, was drunk he told me that he and the staff were watching me to see if I was sleeping with my friend. (who was there and staying in a seperate room)  And that he called them to check what we were doing, and that the ENTIRE STAFF was giving him information about my activities and whereabouts. 

What bothers me most is NOT that he hit on me eventually - but that he and your staff were watching me and they were reporting to you what I was doing. That does not make me feel safe, in fact, because of this I have many doubts about the overall safety of the place. The hut and bathroom had holes in the walls where someone could see inside. I overlooked them, but now I doubt that someone was watching me while I slept and changed clothes and other things which require privacy. 

I cannot recommend this place to anyone knowing what he told me. There is a alcohol shop in this area and at night after 11 a group of boys residing in banganga come and harass girls On the ground, I was looked at in a dirty fashion and also spoken to in a dirty way Yes, in the galli near the temple, someone passed a comment and was staring at me. When I was going to college in Andheri east, a group of boys were sitting and whistling at me. Yes, when I was on my way to college from Indiranagar, he saw me and started to sing a song Yes, Someone was calling out to me next to the open ground Someone passed a comment near the Hanuman Temple it started with commenting at the bus stop and then i was touched inappropriately on the bus I have seen boys stalking, whistling at girls. A man was following me and my friend and commenting while we were walking down the road. A guy was trying to follow me a group of boys were standing there and starring at us. as we started moving one of them commented on my friend. a group of boys started commenting and then one of them told our picture. so we all shouted and so people gathered and took away his phone. while entering the train a boy was passing comments on my dressing sense. Is this how women get harrassed by police in Nepal?
or
What happened to me today.
Let me tell you, what happened to me today. I wanted to get some food, while I was on my scooter, putting the signal, stopping and some seconds after, all of the sudden, somebody hit me on the scooter really hard with his bike. Luckily, there were many people around, but the driver ran away afterwards. He left behind his friend, that tried to run also, but people could hold him back. He had to go through all the charges, the driver, most probably not having a license, did never show up or tried to apologize. But this is not the story, I want to tell you here.
What happened after, going to the police station, was even worse. Not, that things like this happened never happened to me already in Nepal before, but this was just ... hitting me much harder. Please consider also, that I was, obviously, under shock from the accident. Not only this, constantly police men at the Police Headquarters were making fun of me and making me look stupid. They treated me like if I was not capable, not being supportive, nor trying to help. They did not even talk to me properly. And they did not even try to talk to me in Nepali, nor English. They just talked to the male person (he was called my „tourist guide“), that I called after the accident and was with me, about the case, even if it was my scooter and he was not present during the accident. The only occasion, they addressed me, was when the chief of police, that was in charge started asking me for my number and called me sexy. Can you imagine, being in that kind of state of mind after an accident and police takes advantage of it?
We are talking here about police headquarters in Kathmandu. This did not happen in any back room somewhere in nowhere, where it cannot be justified in any case also. This happened publically, with people being present and observing this. Nobody spoke up.
Is this how the police treats women in Nepal?
Having a very privileged position as a foreigner, I do not even want to imagine, how Nepali sisters get treated, who have no embassy at their back, which the police men are afraid of.
Can this behaviour really be accepted and ignored? Is that the police, that should serve the public and protect the people? one of friends boss called her in the cabin and commented that she was looking nice and tried to kiss her it happened when i was walking on the railway station the sation being pretty empty few men passed by me and stated commenting whistling and stalking many times i have been a victim to eve teasing on of my friends was on her way to college in a taxi.after reaching the destination the driver touched in a wrong manner and started flirting and asked for mobile number i was tried to be sexually harassed while waitung on the platform for a friend commenting and following it happened for quite a few days when i got down from the bus in worli close by to my house Indecent comments passed by men on street Comments passed by two boys riding a bike Teased by an older man Passing comments and whistling Group of young boys passing comments Boy commenting on my figure A man followed me till my house some guys were commenting at the bus stop While going to bkc from the station, few guys were cm=ommenting. A few boys screamt from the train. This has happened a couple of times while learning to ride my 2 wheeler, 3 boys used to comment daily. We were once at chowpatty, a few unknown boys came and started talking and commenting i was traveling by the train with my friend from vile parle to grant road and got into the males compartment. there one man was continuously ogling at us and even commenting. it was really annoying. on my first day to college, i wore abaya as i dint get uniform and wasnt comfortable wearing color dress.i was the only girl wearing abaya. so the students started asking me questions like who i am, where i came from, why am i wearing abaya etc and made fun of me.they asked me not to wear it saying that it looks like a bat. i felt really bad and was crying. i dint listen to them and wore it everyday. even now they keep teasing me and everyone calls me a bat. i study in spohia college. I was supposed to enter the college from pedder road gate but i didnt have my id card hence had to go from the pedder road to the main gate. while i was walking a man on a bike (wearing a helmet, i didnt see his face) was passing by me and my friend (i was towards his side). he said ''i like your body.'' i was wearing a very decent long indian kurti but after his comment i really felt disgusted.i couldnt react becausee i was shocked. such incident had happened for the first time with me. This happened near virat cinema. i was going back home. these men standing at a corner passed comments at me and touched me inappropriately. when i ran away, a few of them started following me. i pretended like an aunty walking nearby is my relative by calling her bhabhi. this scared of the men and they went away. i later told that aunty what was happening. I am 16. this report will allow you to understand why girls are forced to commit suicide. You might be seeing on tv and news these days, how girls commit suicide because of blackmailing and sexual harassment. This is my story. I am 15. I had gone to visit my friend and on her street i noticed a guy staring at me. He was 18 or 19. He even winked at me, whistled, commented and what not. I ignored him and paced to my friend's place. I told her about this incident and she was mad at me, she wanted to go and confront that guy. We forgot about him and talked about ourselves for the rest of the afternoon. In the evening, i was totally shocked when i saw the same guy enter my friend's house. she introduced him as her brother and that's when i was speechless. the guy grinned at me dirtily and went to his room. My friend that day had got me a dress and she wanted me to try it on and show it to her. I was in no mood, i was disgusted, i wanted to shout at her brother, tell my friend all about him, but i kept quiet. I succumbed to her pressure and went and changed my dress. After showing her the dress, when i was going back to change into my original one, i noticed him standing near the staircase smiling in an evil way. He blocked my way, held my hand and forced me to see a video on his one. I was horrified when i saw its my video while i was changing my clothes in the toilet. i started crying and begged him to delete it. he said he will only if i have sex with him. at that moment as i was pleading and begging, i don't know how i got the strength to slap him. my friend heard the noise and came out where we were, i told her everything, she was speechless and did not know how to react. she cried and said many things to her brother. things were never the same after that, neither was i. i was going back from my tutions around 2 pm when an auto driver looked at me and passed comments. he misbehaved with me. This happened near virat cinema Catcalls, comments, lots of ogling, some stalking, and sexual invites in Khan Market. Groups of men gathered, especially around the parking lot, blocking our path. They were staring, laughing, and making sexually explicit comments. More groups of men appeared after 4pm. While waiting for a cab, we tried to hide in a cafe. Also, intimidating area as some alleys are just filled with men, especially after 4pm. Commenting, catcalls, sexual invites, so much ogling, some stalking. Shopping with my mother in the early afternoon. Groups of men gathered, blocking our way, staring, laughing, making comments. Very intimidating to tourists. More groups gather after 4pm. It was especially bad near the stores/cafes near the parking lot. While waiting for a cab, we tried to go into cafes to avoid the men because we felt so unsafe. While shopping, it got difficult to find our way around and getting directions/help was difficult. Some alleys were filled with only men. 3 guys misbehave with me yesterday,till then i informed my husband.They run away.No safety for tourists.#Srinagar #mohmadmufti #womensafety

at new krishna hotel #srinagar One guy touched me inappropriately and felt proud with his pack. Such thngs shldnt happen. Reports Submitted from safewatch Reports Submitted from safewatch i was new to the place as we were just shifted there and i was going to find some goods in   the near shop i was teased and commented by a druggist i was so scared  and i called my brother and he warned that druggist while coming from office, one boy pointed at me and said &quot;look, your girl friend is coming&quot;. I was so embarrassed. We were in a public vehicle. one man fell over me accidentally. everyone laughed at us. two boys followed me while returning back to kathmandu. they kept on talking to me. They were so irritating. a group of boys commented and started teasing us on our way to shopping center we did not gave any attention to them and catch our own way When I was travelling in the bus. Some Boys commented me and took my pictures. i was late from my friend's home to my home on the way some boys threw pebbles and teases me. I have experienced whistling and teasing on the street around my home area. I have some friends on face book who send me texts unnecessarily. when i was to my uncle home with my sister on the way there was a group of boys  who whistled and follow us it was scary  we ran to our destination and we feel an unknown person tease me while i was walking on the street when returning from college, a group of boys stopped me in crowd road and shouted loudly that he loves me. I didn't even know him. i was teased  by boys but its normal to get comment from the boys it was after my tutorial class while i was returning home a group of girls were teasing me and giving a sign of sexual invitation when i went to shop to get some goods some boys teases me and commented  they even took my pictures on me i was scared and i ran to my home and share it with my parents it was during Tihar festival ,while our deusi bhailo group were returning home a group of girls teases us with bad words nothing has happened yet but my aunt was teased by group of boys while going to college when i was walking on the street, boys commented on my hair style and looks. some of the group of boys teases my sister while she was returning from shopping when i was returning home from  my sister's home i faced with gang of boys, they started whistling and commenting on me i just stared at them and took my own way to home in rush infront of my home there is a shop where a group of boys make their junction and i used to be their one of the target i could do nothing one day my brother heard their activities and he scolded them from than they have stopped doing so in front of my aunt's home there is a small ground and a group of boys gather there and smokes and teases girls and i am one of the victim one day i decided to share my problems with my aunt and i did she and she took an action to remove them now i feel safe Adolescent and adult male mostly harass girls, comment. it was in our school bus when me and my friend went to submit the assignment to teacher after school as she uses the school bus to go home there the conductor uses bad words and started teasing us than we complain it with our teacher the conductor of the bus from were we the group of girls had traveled followed  us till krishna temple @ patan When I was going to play to playing ground. A group of girls teased me. They commented on me. a group of girls of us were travelling in a public vehicle the conductor of the vehicle teases us. one day while i was walking on the way to my home and it was dark already there was group of boys who started flirting me i was too scared and i ran away to reach home fast Near to my house, there was small grill factory. Most of the employee are male. One day while i was going to shop. Some boys teased me. They even do write rough words on wall and van. me and my friend was travelling in the public vehicle one man came to us and started flirting and even he tried to kiss my friend .i was scary one day i was walking from home to school. i got my shoes damaged and i went to cobbler to fix it but i dont find anyone in the shop so i went to next shop for this purpose but a man from   my back followed me and catch my hand and uses rough words an invited me for sexual activities it was a alley so i was too scared and i found a stone and hit him ran away from there and enter in one of the house there to make myself safe.now i avoid that way which recall me that incident. I was walking home alone a group of girls teased me. In my neighborhood, there is a junction of boys. They gather over there. it makes girl uncomfortable to pass by  when they gather over there. i was chased by group of boys it was scary and i finally manages to came out from there I was walking around the street. there i saw few boys were teasing some young girls. boys were teasing girls before girl's only college compound. I was with my group of friends in festive season. It was night time. We passed by drunk people and it was all fine till this. Later one of my male friend had to go back through the same way. while returning he was beaten by those drunkards. i feel that i was once sexually harassed. it was a incident of almost 4 month back i was walking on the alley some boys teased me and commented me with very bad and rough words and they even stalked me and stared touching here and there i was too scary moment which i never could forget finally i manages to escape out from that hell My school friends comment wrong about me. My seniors in my school bully me. they laugh at me. Once I was going to shop and some neighbors teased me. They commented me. It was night time. me and my friends were commented by drunkards. We got scared and ran away from there. one day i was returning home with my friend on the way he teases a girl and was supporting him i was when i was returning home from school i saw numbers of boys teasing school girl as i find that  girl very scared so i realize that its not good to touch others mentality I was going to my aunt's house to invite them for some function.On the way back home, I was teased by boys and I ran back to home. It was festive time and already dark. I was commented and teased by a gang of boys. One of them came to me hold my hand and asked if he can drop me home. I was being commented and teased unnecessarily while returning to my home. 3 of my friends were coming to my home. On the way they were teased and followed till my home. When I went to Eye Hospital with my younger brother. On the way to the hospital, people teased us by singing and teasing. i am a 15 years boy and when ever i  march with my sister i find other group of boys teasing and commenting her i used to whistle girls on the street  but now i am aware that it is a kind of harassement When I was returning from shop in the evening, a guy came and started talking to me. he was telling me about my getup and others. I was scared. there are many kind of harassment that we face in everyday life. most of the local boys pass comment on our face, on our dress and thats really pissing off. once i was travelling in local bus i saw one guy passing negative comments to a young lady who was alone. she was feeling embarrassed when i was on my way to home after school, few local  boys teased me my friends and me were travelling in the bus few boys near to talim kendra were harassing us in public vehicle by starring to us and trying to touch us while i was travelling in bus with friends i saw couple of gangs passing comment on two girls i was stared with bad intension while I was passing through the street even I have faces commenting and teasing from boys which makes me feel uncomfort I was passing by and some boys started saying that they like how tight my dress was I was walking from school a certain man told me that I am beautiful he wants to marry me in future I was walking towards the stage then some guys told me that av got a beautiful figure I was going to the Mosque and some men started calling and shouting at me telling me that &quot;uko sawa&quot;-meaning your so cute A certain conductor was asking for a phone number of a certain lady I over heard it and he also told her that she is gorgeous some idle young men like to comment on how shool girls dress they do that everyday while we are passing by,they always say that we walk like qeens I was going home from school and suddenly a man told me that she likes school girls because they are always preety people like talking behind my friend beacause she like tight dresses some men were saying that some ladies are always ready to be fucked due to how they are dressing up,they said that because a certai lady was in a very short dres she could barely bend It was on a saturday I went to buy some clothes and when I started checking my size one of the seller told me that I have a sexy figure that he wished I was his wife One of my friends complained to me as we were telling stories that,a group of men like commenting on her body structure,saying that she has big breasts,boobs and behind I was passing by some men sitted at the shop's verander said that I was looking sexy in my min skirt I saw an old man trying to comment a poorly dressed lady I was going for a teens function and I wore a tight pencil and a tight top and when I passed toi market,the male trader started commenting negatively on my dressing code and told me that am I love how tight your body is am longing to grab you and have real sex with you your tight and hot body A man winked at me and shouted that am his future wife A certain man told me that I have sexy thighs and he would like to kiss them,he was a stranger. on my way to school,I mate a certain man he told me that &quot;my wife come I kiss you I love you a group of girls were passing by from school certain boys started calling them but the girls never looked back nad then the boys started abusing them that they are shapeless I was heading to D.c and I mate some men who were chewing khat by the roadside,the started calling me and told me that if I refuse to go they will impregnant me. A man was sitting along the railway line and told us that we are to old to continue with school I was passing by from school some boys started calling me with no good reason,I decided to ignore them I was walking and a certain boy started telling me that I love your boobs I want to touch them A certain girl left school in class five because she was sexually abused and boys used to make fun of her that’s why she decided to left school Some boys like staring at school girls and they always commenting on their looks sometimes they are saying that school girls have cute boobs and good behinds I mate some two men on my way home from school and they told me that they feel like having sex with me. some men like calling ladies telling them that they are so ready to get married I saw an incident where a lady was passing by some men told her that she has droped some coins but it was a lie,when the lady turned those men started teliing her how beautiful she was some men like calling us and tell us that they want our boobs because they are big we were on our way from show ground,we mate some motorbike men,they told us that we should get married to them because we are too old to continue with school. On my way from school and I saw some ladies passing by and a group of boys told them that, &quot;you ladies come here or else will make all of you pregnant. some girls were passing buy near a group of men and then those men started calling them but those girls never paid attention to them and those men told them that they are cheap girls a boy called a girl and told her that she was so beautiful and would want her in bed a young man was shouting and whistling at a girl passing by telling her how beautiful she was I was  in bakery when a man entered into the bakery and walked    straight to a girl and told her how much he loves her .the girl walked out on him,she didn’t know the guy three boys normally sit at a spot called &quot;biashara&quot; and wait for me to pass so that they can comment on my dressing,one day they whistled at me and I ignored.they insulted me I have noticed a group of boys that always sit along the railway line an wait for me to pass for them to call out my name and whistle at me my sister were sitted outside our door when two boys passed by and started saying that we were beautiful and they would love have us in bed there was a boy whistling at my friend on our way home,my friend insulted him and told him that she would report him to the chiefs' office I was walking to school when I came acroos a group of men that were standing outside a vehicle they said that I have a big butt boys in pour school say that we, big girls, should stop going to school,we are Wasting our parents'money I was walking going home from school when I came acroos ,em sitting by the road they all stated lokking at me calling me and talkingof how I looked.i didnt like it. he always tells me that I should not walk with other girls beausse I have done an arbotion,it fells so bad becauses he accusses me of nothing I have done there are boys that always sit there and wait for me to pass so that they can start calling me,one day they told me that they would catch me and imoregnant me.they said that I wasted my parents' money by going to school a girl walking along the railway line was being shouted at by the boys standing on the other side of the railway.&quot;hey you know how to work them&quot; there was girl who was being immitatted by a group af boys as she tried to make a call outside an mpesa shop as I was strawling I came across a group of men sitted along the road ,they all started calling and talking behind my back I was called by these boys to go and join them.i was in my school uniform but that didn’t stop them from caling me. &quot;whats up cuty mind joining us&quot; men sitting around kamkunji area tell us that they would give us money if we slept with them. If we tell them &quot;NO&quot; they insult us saying that we wil age as they watch boys sitting around the big street light and playing ludo always disturb us on our way to school and back.they call us names like;sweetie,lovely, cuty. And this makes us uncomfortable I was heading to work when I noticed someone following me,I decided to change routes and that’s when he shoouted saying am a prostitute and didn’t have a golden vagina..!!! my friend was wearing a short dress and walked by an open bar where men were sitted outside drinking.after seeing her they all started saying things.one said that he would even pay for &quot;it&quot; on my way to the market I was stepped onby this strander who went on to call me a prostitutte after I pushed him off I was in a salon doing my hair and the other salonists were busy watching porn and it was on loud speaker.they were even imitating the sounds and styles. as I was fetching water some girls wearing short dresses came to fetch water too .the men who were there started questioning their dressing the girls screamed as they were about to be stripped she was on her way to work when a man told her that she looked hot that day &quot;umeivaa leo&quot; my friends and I were walking to school along darajani when a group of men sitting on the poles started calling us and mocking our dressing mode while laughing.we felt reallybad a girl was walking from makina stage when she came across a group of men sitting next to a berber shop.they called to great them and when she ignored they started insulting her a group of men seated outside a bar was calling a young woman &quot;darling&quot; as she was passing by.the girl had a T-shirt on written (darling) I was about to get into the church's compound when a middle aged man passed and asked me if my vagina was dirty and I wanted God to clean it...!!! I was walking going to school when a group of men sitted around the garage started calling me and laughing while talking I was passing by the railwy line when I came acroos two men.one of them was licking ice cream and asked me to have the ice too. As the other one commented on how good I would look with the ice cream boys seated around a nursery school just around a corner whistle and comment as girls passed me beng included on my home with a group of female friends.we came across this groiup of men that was looking at us and laughing. It made us feel awful a lady wearing a short dress and heels walks by a group of men standing by the road.the men start shouting at her of how she was indecently dressed the girl was forced to run off on heels fearing she could undressed a man seated next to me in a bus starts  to talk to me and I ignore..he insults (stupid prostitute) and dares to beat me. Iwas rescued by the other passengers in the vehicle a school girl was cornered by rouge boys on her way home for lunch.the boys touched her breasts commenting.&quot;these ones need to be taken care of&quot; the girl says she was lucky for it was during the day a lady was blocked on her  way from  fetching water by a young man  who started to touch her breast and commenting&quot; these are as ripe as oranges&quot; in a matatu from  langata some men boarded the matatu and sat beside her and kept starring on.she felt uncomfortable as she could not tell if they were thieves or not.on allighting the men told her that she had nothing they would want as evrybody else laughed. a girl was stopped by a man who then proceeded to seducing her as she was scared not knowing what to do &quot;at uhuru Park in town, my friend was being shouted at by street boys&quot; she was passing  by and then there was a group of boys standing on the other side of the road suspectively shouting &quot;hey beauty&quot; A man was going to work very early in the morning when he met a group of wome seated by the roadside selling chapati and beans.  They started talking about him, what he had put on andmocking sexually.  The man blushed. I was on my way to the wedding with my girlfriend and we wore very decent clothes and at the bus stop some men tried to remove her clothes beating me up when I was defending her.  They realy touched her private parts. I was with my friend from school then some boys seated across the road started whistling at her calling her names A man helped me by giving a lift while it was raining.  Later before getting to kibera he started touching my thighs and private parts. on my way to themarket, I met a woman of the same age with my mum asking me to be her boyfriend. it was in the mornin, was coming from Church around 5:30 am in woodley when we met thugs.  They told us to lie down after stealing from us one of them put his fingers on my vagina trying to remoive my trouser down. Lucky enough, I was wearing a tight fitting one and so did not manage to removeit since he was in a hurry. one day was walking from soweto to bombolulu, boys seated by the roadside whistled at me. the boys wdho sit at Soweto playing Ludo always make very bad comments about girls and women passing.  It embarrases so much especiaaly when you are with someone you respect. The boys seated at the stage were whistling at my sister and making comments about her body structure. A lady was wearing a top blouse and a stocking walking by the road.  Two men mocked her tat her buttocks are like six inches matress.  The lady did not talk just looked at them with sided eyes and walked on. A lady was walking slowly with high heeled shoes on muddy area looking keenly where to step on.  Some men started enjoying her saying &quot; if you can't walk with this type of shoes why wear? The lady did not utter a word, just looked at them with funny eyes and walked away. A school girl was passing carrying her luggages from school. The nissan no. 2 touts started enjoying her that she is too fat and asking her where she is going with the type of body she has, that she should rather get married earlier.  The girl just ignored them. the boys seated at the carwash made funny faces, whistled and commented as I passed by. I was going to Church on a Sunday when I met a drunkard old man.  He called me and I ignored then he started abusing me saying &quot;malaya wewe&quot; meaning you are a prostitute. we were with my friend walking, met some boys who called us and we ignored.  They then said &quot;mnadhani hamtazeeka&quot; meaning &quot;you think you'll not get old on my way to baba dogo clinic there are people who sit along the road hawking their items. They stare at people until you get even surprised and your legs can't walk quickly because they become week.  Then they laugh when you are not able to walk some men walking in a group saw me and then begun to touch their private parts.  I ignored them and hurriedly walked to pass them.  They loughed and one of them said &quot;stop pretending while you need this&quot; I was buying charcoal when some men passed and begun staring at me and ogled.  When I turned back they said I was pretty for a hot kiss. we were walking with a friend towards olympic stage from ayany, some men were working in a building, they stopped and begun to stare at some lady infront of us.  One man catcalled her loudly but she did not notice.  The man said again &quot; yes the one holding a child&quot;  when she turned to look the man said &quot;madam undafanya watu wasifanye kazi hapa&quot; meaning &quot; madam you are making people not to work here&quot; I was visiting friends and when I passed with them these men who were standing outside a certain movie den begun to staring at us  at we passed, they started catcalling and whisling.  My friends just laughed but I walked fast living my friends behind.  one man said my friends had keys to the house so i shouldn't go fast. another one said that i looked good in bed. the construction workers along the railway line, anytime a lady pass nearby they normally comment, catcal,whistle.  I have faced this several times I was going home yesterday to my grandma's place when I met this boy that studied in our schoo, I was carrying things in both my hands. I strethced my hands so he could greet my wrist but instead he hugged me so tight. I then pulled away and he said I looked beautiful and sexy.  i was mnot copmfortable with his comments but i said thank you.  he later invited me to his house to cook for him but i declined since he was taking the conversation too far and also considaering the way he was looking at me. I have been passing by a small shop where some boys I know have been making fun of me.  They flatter me a lot and I do not like it. One of them is always asking me for a kiss and a hug I was walking along  olympic road when I passed some boys who wer sitted by the door where they sell CD's, higher and ruturn after watching. The bys sat there lookig and commenting on girls that were passing.  I was among the girls who were commented at. some boys were lookiking at some girls who were passing by their barber shop.  Whne the girls looked down embarrased, the boys started catclling, whistling and commenting.  One of the boys harrassing the girls caught me looking at th incident then he winked at me and i just turned and walked on. I was walking along olympic road going to the house when a man among many other men stretched his hands across almost touching my breasts.  When I stopped he said &quot;beautiful I just want to say hallo and feel how soft you are&quot;  I moved backwards away from his reach and i walked ahead then he continued &quot; you are boasting over God's greetingsand you are not even beautiful&quot; was walking looking for a saloonist when some men who were seated at a pub behind the makina drive road at a path way started commenting and whistling, one of them held my hand and pulled me towards him asking me for my phone number and it I can go to his ouse.  i pulled of and sped off quickly. I was stopped by some people who claimed they are working with the satr time company to sell digital decorders.  They said they were on sale promotions and were ready to give me a a scratch card and took it to scratch on my behalf, then they said I had won 3 cell phones and a lap top and for me to get them i had to give them 5000/=.  i told them i did not have money.  they insisted that i should call someone to send to me in my phone account and i refused.  they were peaced off and begun commenting on how bad i was dressed touching my buttocks and saying he could change my wardrobe. was walking passed the railway bridge to Kambi muru and a man whistled at me twice. I did not respond and he shouted &quot;the lady in purple you have nice legs, I admire you to be my wife&quot; A lady was walking at makina wearing a short dress and some men started to mock her without even sympathy. They were  saying to her to walk naked tather thatn wearing that short dress showing people her things. I was going to a photocopying shop in makina when some boda boda operators started shouting calling me to sit on their motorbikes so that they could ferry me wherever was going.  I declined since it was a walking distance.  Thye started telling me tat I am boasting and i do not even have shape. i turned and asked them if those shapes are bought or created so they could buy me one good curvy shape. Some boys si at the doorstep pf Shadee Ent - this is a shop where they sell CDs. They comment on girls who pass or walk along that road. I was walking along Oympic road when some men commented so badly about a certain lady using abusive language. The lady felt so inferior was having visitors on my way to take them at the bust stage, some motobike riders started whistling at me and commenting on my dress. I was at Toi market, some mitumba sellers started taking pictures of me without my permission, then they started commenting on me that if someone maries me he will be the richest man on earth. we were having a party at our job on Friday, I was late to come home so when I alighted at makina stage, I took a motorbike to take me home. Instead of taking me home the motorbike driver took me to his friend where they intended to rape me, I screemed for help and in the process of struggling they tore my clothes and ran away. A girl was walking from the shop home. She met two patroling police officers, they approached her asking her where she got the sweater she had on.  She told them &quot;got it from my father who is a security officer&quot;  they insisted on arresting her because the sweater resembled that of police officers.  they walked her into the Lawcourt compound and started touching her breasts and buttocks I was on my way to the shop when some drug dealer was just on my back following slowly, he said to me thatif I do not go with him to his house he will kill me on the spot, I sped off and ran very quick. My friend's boyfriend tried to kiss her when she refused she was accused of stealing A lady was passing by and a group of men started talking telling her that &quot;you are boasting and you do not have any loads&quot; &quot;you have not carried for your neighbours&quot; I was walking across the road to go and board a matatu, I met a straanger who started telling me that he wished he could kiss my lips so deeply.  I felt uncomfortable and walked away a woman was passing by and some men started staring and talking at her in a manner likely to suggest that they were admiring her, but the woman ignored them my friend and I were walking along the road, certain men started talking on our back saying that we are so ripe and he is looking for a wife. I was walking along a coridor, a certain man from nowhere approached me and told me that he has been admiring my back for so long. &quot;when will I eat those your things&quot; a man asked a lady I was walking with two of my friends, man men seated at the soweto bridge called us. We refused then they started insulting us telling us that we have bad appearances like our grandparents. I was walking passed the bridge, some man called me and started removing his private parts and when I refused to go where he was he started abusing me using very dirty language we were with my grandmonther, we met two men, they stopped us and said that they want my grandmohter to give me to them, she refused and they started insulting her. I met a boy who said to me that he loves me. What should I do? there is a woman whenever I pass near her from or to school she calls her love and tries to touch my private part. we were going home with my friend and some boys who were sitted at a stone started commenting to us. They always do that here in soweto a girl was walking by and a group of boys started telling her to stop boasting and she will get old and leave us here a man was telling another girl who was passing by that she has carried so much on her buttocks I was passing  by at katwekera and some man called me and told me that he loves me and I have a good shape a young girl was entering a bus and the conductor was making attempts to touch her on her waist and commenting,&quot; God had the time while making you&quot;&quot;lets go to my place&quot; the bodaboda guys stationed near ushirika clinic were calling a lady and she refused to use their bodaboda. They then started telling her that she is boasting and she has already given herselve to men in the hood. a male tout was trying to convince a female customer to enter in the bus, when she refused he started calling her names and saying that she is stupid and its like even her husband is tired of her two young ladies were crossing the road from toi market on their way towards kibra law courts and some men commented and said that, &quot;these ones need a penis&quot; a drunk man kept following a student asking her for her phone number. He kept shouting to her saying that shez very hot there is a day I was walking with my friend and then one of the boys from the street shouted at her saying that she is his size I was walking along the olympic road  when I met this boy who said to me that,&quot; I am riper than a mango&quot; a certain lady was walking by the roadside when a man on a bike was staring at her and said that she is sexy and looks good in bed I was standing at the stage in town then a guy started insisting that I board a matatu with him because he liked me but I refused I was in school and walking to class when a boy grabbed my hand and I had to stop and he told me I had an amazing body he would pay for it it was raining and I was walking home and people were talking saying that I look good when rained on and they were standing at the shade just before you get to to terminus I was walking along agakhan walk and a begger sitting there said that I have small buttocks and I really felt uncomfortable a lady who had worn a short top was passing by when some men who sell kitchen items started started using funny language describing her a girl who was passing by wearing a mini skirt was being whistled at with a group of boys and they started commenting on her dressing when I pass they always make signals among themselves and start calling me pretty and I do not like this We were coming from church with my friend and when we reached Dc ground a certain man strted calling us and when we refused he hurled insults at us on my way back home I met a boy who whistled at me and I ignored him and he started insulting me when you pass they call you if you refuse they abuse you and even start following you to your home it was on a Friday after sports in school when I and my friend were going home and we met some boys at gogo who called my friend but she ignored and they started abusing her Some men called a girl and when she refused they started calling her namesand commenting on her features one afternoon I was walking with a friend of mine when we met some boys at a corner and they started commenting on my friend` on my way home, a boy started calling me to go and say hi to him when I refused he started saying that I am no longer a virgin Brian said that Kamai and Mbinya loves Okoth and its not true I was on my to church when amn started calling me sweetie, baby. I was in great fear because he was approaching me as we walked home with my friend a group of boys started calling us and we ignored them. They then started chasing us us they continously abused us one day as I was coming from my mothers palce of work, I met a boy who was under the influence of drugs and he greeted me but I was not willing to respond this made him start caliing me a prostitute as I was on my way to toi market a man started insulting me saying that I have big booms and I got shocked since I did not understand what he said and it was embarassing On my way from school I saw a group of boys smoking bhang and I got afraid when they saw this they started chasing me and insulting me that I should be married by now I  was walking along agakhan walk and I was holding hands with my friends  and a man who normally begs there just before uchumi asked them for money but they didn’t give him and he then told them that she and her boyfriend will die with HIV/AIDS she was impregnated while in school, boys used to call every time and harass her I boarded a matatu from makina to olympic with a yoiung lady dressed in a mini skirt. The tout together with other gys hanging at the door started talking about her describing how well she is made I was approached by a stranger I told him off and he told me that my beauty wil fade away after I refused to talk to him there was a girl who was walking near makina stage when the cyclists around there started commenting about her hips and breast she used to be caled all names when she left school to home. Names like beautiful I was walking from school to home when I saw a group of boys commenting on a girl who was walking infront of them saying that she had big hips It was on a Monday when my friend and I were walking home from school and we saw a group of boys eating khat. The boys stood up and came to my friend and started asking her questions, when she refused to answer them back they started abusing her and touched her breasts and buttocks I was on my way to the shope to buy mandazi at break time,then I mate a drunkad man he started calling me hey babie you’ve got very nice chicks, I dind respond because he was an elderly man I walked away instead. I boarded a matatu from Makina to Olympic with a yoiung lady dressed in a mini skirt. The tout together with other guys at the matatu door started talking about her describing how well she is made I was seated on the ground at the DC's office and a group f men also sat there. All they were doing is staring at the passerbys and making different utterances to them especially the ladies I was in my way going to meet the women at the DC, when I alighted at the bus stop a groupm of men who were seated at the road side invited some lady to go nad greet them when the lady ignored them they started insulting her when i was on my way to home few local guys teased me on the tea shop. near to gopi krishna hall at bhaktyapul, a group of local boys does several sexual harassment.that place is really unsafe to walk at evening and night time. they first follow us and try touching us, if possible they will even rape.we need more street lights and police security at that place. when i was on my way to home some boys teased me and passed comment on me. when i was walking through street, some boys 4-5 were  beside me and they start signing and whistling on me and later on they were laughing and commenting teasing while going to school and while coming back from school from the local boys of bhatbhateni area while returning from school i was on phone with my fren.. few guys start teasing me and commenting on me. i have to hang up the ph and run frm ther when i was returning from my school two boys were whistling and teasing me. while on my way back to home from college, i saw one middle aged guy was commenting and following one lady. i couldn't do much to help her as i was not aware of their relationship. but the guy look rough some boys of that gairidhara area whistles, follows and try blocking my way. i feel very scared to walk that area. i think the place from alice restaurant to chinese embassy is unsafe for girls to walk during evening. we need more street lights n police security at that place. there's a meat shop in baluwatar where the salesboys (employees) of meat shop whistle and tease us while walking that road. we feel very unsafe. I am safe till date but I have seen lots of cases like boys teasing 4commenting with rough words to girls while I was walking on the street some girls tease me and threw small pebbles on me to get my attention towards them I usually face the problem like teasing, commenting and singing song on the way to my home.one day while I was waiting my friend a middle aged man come near to me and wanted to talk with me but I ignore him some boys comment and whistled me it was too late to my home from my tutorial class and a group of boys were teasing, commenting and whistling to passing by girls and I was one of them  I feel very unsafe and scared with this two boys commented on me and my sister while we were returning home from the market a man commented on me while i was returning from my shop to my home in afternoon when i was visiting to my friends home there were a gang of smokers they started calling with my name i felt afraid and i just catch my way without listening them on my way to college, few boys from back were commenting me, they were teasing me by throwing stones on me and when i shouted on them they laughed and did not stopped their activities I was walking by the bus park area. There was a man who looked as if he is porter. he commented on me. it was morning time while i was gong to shopping store 2 boys walking through the same way commented me with the colour of my jacket it was uncomfortable to hear such comments it was afternoon time while i was going to visit my aunt on the way there were group of boys smoking and while i was passing through they started whistling and commenting by the colour of my bag and pant .it was scary and that was making me uncomfortable I saw a gang of boys teasing a group of school girls. Although they weren't alone but still they were afraid of it. me and my friend  was engaged in fighting as i was usually commented with bad words on my way from school to home. Sexual invites,Taking pictures Once i was followed by one unknown person while returning home.It was really scary. i am boy and i study in grade 10.while i was passing through the bhandari tole i saw lots of gang of people who commented on me using rough words it was hurting I was returning from Airport at 8:30pm.Just then from Boudha i was followed by some boys in bike.I was followed upto my school and i ran as fast as i could. On the way to my maternal home, I was asked that if I can give him my number, if I needs him company etc. when I was coming from my maternal uncle's home in the evening. I was asked by a boy &quot; should I come with you?&quot; i am man. it was when i was walking through the hiletole where i saw a gang who were passing the unnecessary comments to girls passing by that route One day when I was going back to my home, two strange boys tried to talk to me and asked where I was going. Where is my home. When i was returning from school,some boys were commenting and trying to touch me. My brother and his friend tease people walking by the main street. I don't like this. On the way to school, I have often faced teasing by same boy. When i was walking,the boys tease by singing a song. There was a man who used to sing a song, comment and even use rough words to me and other girls who used to pass by the street.
 He even used to stare at us. i am a boy.i usually get commenting , catcalls, facial expression and one day i was also followed by a man who looks wired which was very scary I was wearing red dress to go to my friend's house. A boy sang a song telling that red dress is looking good on me. I was going to school.A group of boys were commenting on me.They were just trying collide with me but i ran away from them. i was commented by the group of boys on my way to school i am a boy .i was teased by a people then i react with it and they started fighting with me a group of boys were commenting to me and my friend while going home from school. they started discussing with us when we react on their action. they were using bad words Taking pictures,Whistles, Commenting,Stalking i am a boy.while i was reurning home from my school  girl commented on me on my looks Stare,Whistles,start to sing,Commenting I was with my friend, some boys commented and talked nonsense. we felt very uncomfortable and tried to escape from the place as soon as we could. i was teased by boys while  returning home from school On the way to my school there is a allay where group of boys sit and comment, tease every girls who pass by the area.
    Once I was also teased in the same place by same group of boys. I shared it with my parents. When my sister was going to her school,some boys call her and try to touch her. some boys commented on me. when i was visiting white gumba with my friends three boys on the way commented on us When i was walking on the street,some boys commented on me. When i was walking,a boy stared at me and blinked his eyes. One tall boy almost regularly teases me. He comes to my gate and catcalls and sings song in an indecent manner. I was returning from my maternal uncle's house. I was all alone. Three boys were walking towards me. they were laughing at us and even commented me. while i was travelling to bhaktapur  a group of boys touched me which was very uncomfortable for me We friends were talking to each other. There came a boy who commented us as sexy and even tried to touch us. One old lady scolded that boy and he threatened us telling us to wait and watch. I was going market alone, some boys came on bike. They took a girl's photo and teased her. later she ran away. Teasing when i was going to watch movie. Catcalls,Ogling Some boys teased me while I was returning from my friends home. I didn't like it. when I was walking on the road, one man came to a girl, touched her and commented, ' O sexy! give me a chance'. he followed her too. i was in public vehicle looking through the window a man then entered and sat beside me there were plenty of empty seats but  sat beside me and he was so lose that i could feel his breathing and hear it and he commented me that i am so beautiful. one day when I was walking at evening time where there was poor light and I was all alone. I guess about two guys commented on me. I was so afraid that I didn't even look at them. Teasing when me and my friends were going to visit.They were teasing to us. My friend was teased by unknown person. the boys in group started staring, hooting asking personal information and commenting about my body figure while going school a boy comming from opposite direction stared me and said &quot;i wish i could be with her&quot; it was when i was returning home from school some boys on the street stare at me and started to commenting and whistling they also make wired facial expression which was scary a guy stared and teased me at boudha. he was a stranger. while me and my sister were passing through the alley some boys were whistling, staring and commenting on my dress up and the way i walked. i am a nursing student. i was returning home from my college some boys commented on me unnecessarily and started following me.it was too scary suddenly my brother came and i fell relief one day when I was returning from school, a group of boys teased me by showing facial expressions and commented on my dress. i was so scared while i was on my way to home as two boys commented and ogling me one girl was walking on road at evening. there were drunk men who commented on the girl. she ignored. i got  whitsling and commenting by some guys when I was walking on the street with my sister, some boys teased me. I was commented by a stranger who even touched me unnecessarily. when I was going to temple with my sister in a public vehicle, a boy touched my hand unnecessarily. I told my sister but she ignored me. it was evening time when I was returning from office. some boys commented me about my dress. when I was in public vehicle, some boys teased me and I scolded them. When I was walking at road a group of boys were teasing girls who passed by. they were whistling, singing songs and teasing girls a man uses bad word to us while returning home from our college i was commented by a group of boys with very rough words when we were with group of girls, a group of boys teased us using slant language. a group of boys commented on us (me and my friend) because of our white transparent school shirt it was a crowded vehicle. one man was leaning his body over mine. it was making me uncomfortable. i was asked some stupid question by a man while travelling in same bus and he was commenting on me and asking for my number and i denied to do so finally he get off in his station an i felt comfort a group of boys were teasing, singing and whistling at me while i was walking on the street i saw a girl teased and catcalling by the group of boys one of my friend told me that when she was walking on the road,then some group of people commented on her by using different words. I was walking on the street when one man commented me. while me and my friends was buying vegetables,some unknown people stalked us on the way by passing comments a boy took my picture and was commenting me unnecessarily My friend's mother is a single parent. Her neighbour stalked and commented her rough words when she used to be alone. when i was returning home from college a boy commented on me and whistled commenting,ogling which means non-verbal and verbal sexual harassment is a common  thing for every girl,and ignoring is only solution. remembering such kind of thing and mentioning are not possible but they are common as i have wear 7 number t-shirt some guys commented me saying lucky number 7 it was the tie of when i with four of my friends went to see movie grand masti boys sitting back to me were making some sexual voices and disturing me and also commentng att me. while walking on the dhumbarahi road with my friend, few local start teasing and commenting on us. we were going to visit our relatives at hospital. while walking, one scooty with two guy stopped near by and start whistling and commenting on us. my father was also there walking with me but he was little behind so he shouted to that guy and they ride the scooty n went. unnecessary comment by group of college boys every morning make me feel insecure. while going college at morning time,group of college boys stays outside the college and pass dirty comment on me and make me feel unsecure few days ago, when i was walking alone on the road, few guys start lookin at me and singing songs for me by whistling While returning from my office to home, i saw one girl in short dress and few guys in that street start starring at her and commenting on her body parts. few guys at tea shop shows facial expression. during lunch break we go to that shop and guys working at bank and other company comes ther and sit and comment on us and shows dirty expression commenting  by local boys on dress up, one make up on accessories. those activities really pissed up and ruin our day a beautiful lady of about 24-26 years was harassed by the group of boys by whistling, commenting, staring n taking pictures. in afternoon when i was in the street walking with my small brother some guy commented on my dress up and i feel unsafe it was not happened to me but i saw one boy at the time of tihar who was ogling as well clapping to girl. he was in the roof of van who came to play deusi in a group. he was singing song also. i saw girl  very scared n serious. her condition was very poor once i was going for shopping with my friend at boudhha mall and there was a group of guys. i was unknown about those boys. one boy was just looking at me, starring at me and making me feel insecure and scared. later on he start showing some facial expression by blinking eyes n all.i was feeling helpless i saw a girl walking on her way from school to home. few boys were teasing n commenting on her a man was commenting at the girl my friends at school teasing, bulling and singing at me makes me feel very uncomfortable i was going to the shop to buy some groceries item at evening time. some boys were following me and were just commenting to me. i didn't know them i feel scared and moved away i saw a girl being harassed by the boy. i was travellin on the bus to pokhara. the boy was whistling to the girl and singing song when i was travelling in a public vehicle with my friends we were starred by a passenger next to us.after sometime he start commenting on us and we start feeling  uncomfortable. he make the environment inside the vehicle tensed so we took off from the vehicle one night when i was coming back home with my family at the middle of the street one boy just used some abusive word to my sister but my family took action but my sister felt very un easy. a girl was teased by a boy in the gongabu area. as this area is always crowded the boys never miss the chance to tease the girls. when i was walking back to my home some boys were commenting on me. they were asking numbers and they were taking pictures. i was walking on my way and i saw two boys whistling and commenting to a girl who was walking alone in the street. a girl was just coming from school. a group of boy just tease her by saying bad word n sentence but she couldn't take any action and just ignored when i was going to buy milk in the evening, one big man with his sister came following me and that guy patted on my back saying wer r u going and other annoying things and i have said who are you? he answered back saying he is my own person and cares abt me. i got worried and ran to home very fast. while crossing road at zebra crossing, group of guys always pass the bad comment or comment on our dress which really disturb us. at times we feel not going to college. when i was going to home from school i have noticed my brother looking backside. there was a boy who was passing bad comment on me. my brother threatened him, but still he was commenting me by using bad words n rough voice. while travelling in public bus i was going to my uncle place. i got the sit in bus but after 5 min two guys entered in the bus who looks powerful n muscular. they touched me, teased me and make me feel embarrassed and they pulled me from my sit and they sat over ther. one day when i was walking on the road alone some boys followed me, commented to me and whistled me. i was very afraid. it was evening when i was walking on the road. i start to walk very fast and i reached my home and i share this to my mother. when i was coming to school there i meet grp of boys. they were schl students. i was carrying tiffin for my sister in one hand and bundle of exercise book on other hand. they were starring at me and after few minutes they start passing bad comment by saying they can carry me along with my stuffs. few boys were teasing one gurls and she seems helpless. even i couldn't do much as they were grp of guys and i just passed quietly. on my way to home from school, i saw one boy teasing two girls. the girls were waiting at bus stand for bus. the girls seeks a help from one elderly person and it ended there. Random fb sexual request, commenting and cat calls on the lane. Me and my sister were going to shopping to buy cloths. while walking we encountered the group of boys and they started teasing my sister and commenting on her and inviting her to movie. We were embarrassed but couldn't take a stand. We just avoid them and walk along. A man in the morning tried to verbally assault Some girls followed me in a silent road and commenting saying they know me and asked my ph number. i was going to my house. it was dark already. some guys followed me. they look like gambler. they started commenting. i was very scared that time but suddenly a man who was known to me shouted my name and i went with him. Some girls followed me from bus stand upto home commenting that they know me but i was totally unknown about them. they were passing bad comment as i was alone and couldn't fight back. A art and craft group started sending nude pictures of girls and started in line of prostitution. i was touched inappropriately touched by the watchman. While she was in a sharing auto in bandra west she was being stared and had to face by other man in the auto. Comments were passed on her by her classmate. Eveteasing,whistles,commenting I was going towards my classes when 2 guys yelled something abusive at me and commented something on me. I was out with 3 of my friends and some guys commented on us and made indecent gestures. We were travelling to goa for school trip by train.There was a guy standing near the door showing off his private parts. In public transport, inappropriate touching &amp; grouping because of rush. I was shopping with my best friend when this random guy there started eyeing us and singing songs. I was in a micro bus as there was no seat I had to stand.the conductor touched my back unusually. While crossing the signal, a man sitted on bike called out ,I thought he was asking for some help but as I went he was just asking me to fulfill his pathetic desire. Once while walking across the bridge , my friend was shoved and pushed and the stranger grabbed his hold on her chest. Roadside boys hooting and commenting Often at evening the nearby men and guys hangout in the shady area.. often cooment and stare Chapris who are drunk often comment and stalk While Climbing the train a man groped on unusal places. a month ago i walking n wearing short dress some guys were ther commment me sexy...fee so samed. some guys used to sing a song to the girls whenever they used to pass through that road the guys teased and commented on me and to my friend.at boudha . the guys are starring at me and as well as commented on me. some boys in the shop stares and whistle at girls there were some boys in the shop were staring and commenting at girls some boys were teasing me when i was going in uncle,house. teasing to girls while coming from school some boys forms a group and tease girls two boys were teasing to girl a boy commented on my legs unknown boy came and asked my name nd asked to sit with him for some time some boys were teasing me when i was going to my sister,s house...i just scoled them more on m,y way. commenting on my legs a group of boys were non virtually harassment a girl who was wal;king a lone in the small street. some guys were wistling me and my friends on my way a group of boys were non virtually harassing a girl who was walking a lone in the small street. some guys were teasing the girls and she was feeling so uncomfortable. some guys were commenting the girls some guys were commenting the girls. one day while i was going to school and a group of boys tease me and commented about me. my friend was commented by the bad words. one day ........when i was moving towards home.i saw some boys staring at me and they give comment on my dress. some group of guys tease every girl who passes on that way when i was going to home from school i saw some girls were teased by the boys and the girls were feeling so uncomfortable tuition teacher used to touch in the chest and used to talk about sex and show pornographic video teasing on the public transportation a group of boys used to tease girls and take their pictures a girl was being harrassed by many boys. i neighter know that girl nor the harraser a girl was being harrassed by a group of man and she was not able to say anything a boy was trying to touch a girl and she couldnot do any thing Some girls were teasing me and i felt uncomfortable a man was teasing a young lady on the road some group of guys from my coaching classes used to ask for my phone numbers. one of the boy of my locality tease me by singing and whistling one day group boys wear singing song to a girl at raoad ..............n girl feel samed n ran fast group of boys were commenting me on my way to home some boys used to tease girls and one day they called me to stay there commenting on my body some guys make groups and tease every girl who passes on that way. some guys used to pass comment to me and my sister some guys were commenting to me and i slapped one of them sending me vulgul messages on my facebook account middle age man comment on my dress and also try to touch me when i am on my way to home from school commenting me by group of middle age man one day i was a girl.........she was standing at the road.....ther wear many boys they talking dirty word .........n girl was feel harasse one of my fren was going to shopping and she saw many of group of boys and that boys are taching a girl..........she is alone n scared ......my frm n save  her Had a relaxing walk till I heard a boy shouting, &quot;I wanna fuck you&quot;.
- reported on @SafecityIndia few people (male) wear whistling and calling names. one day ....a girl in bus n there was a group of boys they try to comment on girl n sing a song. some boys were trying to touch a girl and commenting bad words to her a group of man was teasing the girl on her way to work when i was going frm school to home .i saw a one boys group. they are commentnig to girl. when girl was going home.thank you when i was ruturning frm my school.......one boy comment me hey sexy..........i feel so embrase one day i was walking on the road i saw the one man who was commenting the bad  things to the girl . he was talking rough words about the girl. the couple went to kakribihar (surkhet) for weekend. few other guys were commenting and taking pictures. this behaviour created fights in between the couples and the group. the guys killed the boy and rapped the girl I SAW A GIRL ..............SHE WAS WALKING TO THE ROAD AND ANOTHER GROUP OF BOYS WEAR COMMENTG THAT GIRL.............. I SEE IN A ROAD LOT OF BOYS ARE COMMENT TO GIRL i was travelling in a bus for picnic. i saw one girl is sitting infront of me and side of the girl one boy was sitting. the boy first of all was commenting on a girl and than he tried to touching her. the girl was very scared so she donot went her home but she fastly stopped the bus and she go one day,i was visiting to the place, bhaktapur. i was in bus. suddenly one boy enter in the bus. besides me there was a simple type of girl was sitting. Boy came near to that girl ans speaking and telling such a vulgar word. i was also feeling shy. i was walking at evening ...n a saw i girl a shorts n she was walking alone n some boys calling her n dirty word..she feels so same n run faster... when i was walking i saw a man who was unknown for me he was just looking at a girl who was sitting on the park he started to take pics of hr and try to communicate with her. When I was going to my hostel a group of guys followed me and teased me. I felt sad all day. Me and my friend were teased by three man, they whistled at us as well as made strange sound using tongue. When I was going to college some guys stared, whistled at me, commented on me and followed me. Me and my friend were having ice cream and passing by a street, then the group of boys commented &quot; give some ice cream to us too&quot; and whistled at us. He is my boss and Facebook friend. He send me vulgar messages and comments unnecessary things. Me and my friend were passing by on the street some group of boy commented on us saying look beautiful girls are coming. Some guys said me and my friend hey beautiful as we passed by them. Three boys commented saying you are beautiful and started laughing. Three boys in the street teased me and my friends saying &quot;beautiful&quot; . When I was walking in the street one ma commented &quot; you have a big thing (breast) though you are a child&quot;. Then I scolded him for commenting that and other women near by also scolded him. When I was returning my home in bus. One man asked my name after that he commented &quot;you look beautiful moti(fat girl). I was in micro bus, I realized that I was only girl some men teased me and the conductor came close to my seat. I couldn't do anything so I yelled at them and got off the bus. When I was traveling in the bus some teenage boys whistled at me and commented nonsense. I was walking alone in the street of Balkumari, Kharibot. Group of boys sitting near by started to sing a song and whistled me. I was wearing shorts. Some group of boys passed me comment on the basis of what I wore. It was embarrassing and I felt bad. When I was walking by bhatbateni supermarket. I saw a boy teasing a girl who was passing by him, I saw some boys teasing a girl about her make up and outfit. Later they made some inappropriate comments too. I saw a girl being harassed by a group of boys. They were staring at her dress then started whistling and teasing the girl as she passed by them. The girl ignored them but they followed her until she met her friend. When me and my sister were going home we saw a girl wearing a short skirt was teased by group of boys as well as we saw a boy trying to touch her hand, The girl fought back and slapped the boy. It happened to me when I was walking alone a boy teased me with vulgar word. When I was traveling in the bus some teen aged boy whistled at me as well as commented nonsense. When I was going to my uncles house, some guys followed me and teased me. I was feeling sad whole day. When I was walking to my home a truck passed slowly by my side then a guy inside the truck made weird face,, whistled and commented me &quot;aunt get off the way&quot; I was walking alone in the street and there was a gang of boys who started saying &quot;You're sexy and we know it&quot; ...I was wearing one-piece and they told it.. I was going to college in morning one of the guy stared me from top to bottom and commented &quot;hey sexy&quot;. One day when I was traveling in the bus there were group of guy who were teasing a girl as well as one of them tried to touch her. Later they passed comments on me as well then we stopped the bus then we go on. I was on bus where an old man touched me and commented me that you are beautiful and asked where are you going dear? There was one guy who was always in Jamal, who used to to whistle and tease us. He tried to follow us as well. While going home from office in Bafal, there were group of boys who always passed bad comments.