 a girl was sent    to shop and met a man on her way who wanted to rape her and screamed for help as she was running when a girl is passing some boys like calling her and they are telling her that they will rape her reported sexual assault and north east report my friend was tried to be kidnapped as she was dragged into a car Commenting at some one happens everyday in our college. A girl was harassed and not supported by family.
At the school campus. Touching Inapproriately Poor street lighting, North east Report, Faced many harassment very frequently. We conducted a survey as part of our sociology assignment course offered in IIT. The women workers in the construction site said they were sexually assaulted. In a beer bar after it closed two girls who were there are hit by some men When she refused to go with them. My Chain was snatched while I was in the rickshaw. I was on my regular evening walk when there was this gang who started following me. They were passing inappropriate comments and started taking my pictures. Stalking a student who was not from India was teased by some du students. I was pinched on my a** when I was returning from college, on the bus 29C, and only because I had two stops, because I was told so, not exactly in those words, in English. I could have slapped him, but both my hands were full and my bag was on my back. Also, the 29C is also pretty crowded in the evening so I didn't have enough space to do anything. I wish this was stopped. I was sexually harassed at a public place Harrasser was passing by and commented while i was boarding train I was called chinki and character less by 2 men on the road on my way back home, I saw a girl being pulled and pushed by a boy towards his car. When the girl retaliated, she was slapped and hit. After much of hitting and abusing, the girl was hit with blows and thrown on the road and I heard the boy shoutingn that &quot;now you know what happens when you refuse to come along with me to my house&quot; I was coming back from tution with my two friends n two guys came whistling from back Rickshaw driver hurling abuses A man was commenting on my dressing. i had gone to buy groceries to the kamla nagar market, the riksha pullers there, two of them ganged up and started passing comments on my clothes. i guess they were drunk. - .. north east india report, sector 6 , market north east girl sexually assaulted north east girl north east report north east girl sexually assaulted -- .. .. momos, chowmein types of comments Chinki and chikni kinds of comments i was travelling in the bus and one guy kept touching me and harassing me in all the wrong ways. Yelling abuses or passing in decent remarks at girls. touching in inappropriate places A friend of mine had sexually harassed in the bus,though the seat of other bus was vacant that old guy sat near by her and keep on touching her intentionally then she didn't want to create a scene and get off from the bus though it wasn't her stop. i Was harassed as I am a North East Indian People called me Chinki and other abuses for North Easterners. it was horrifying. peope called me chinki and other abuses for north easterners. It was horrifying. North East India Report The incident took place at satya palace street during evening.
There was this day when I was coming from my tuition and a guy on a cycle whistled and passed a comment. One of our brother, Wilungbou chawang from (zeliangrong community) found dead in Chirag delhi last night around 11pm. Heard that, he was beaten up by the local people. His body was found in a drainage.His body is in AIIMS now, further reports are awaited. A group of boys were commenting on several women crossing the street outside Saket metro station.