 One day I was playing in garden of my house. My friend called me she used to live on the next side of the road. A boy started making faces at my friend and me. First we ignored it, but he didn't stopped.  I gave him tight slap and asked him to leave. A man looked at a girl as she  was walking along the road. Boys who were drinking and smoking were staring at me I was going through auto and the guy sitting opposite me was continuously staring me from top to bottom and the made me feel really uncomfortable. Me and my friend were having fast food and a group of boys were continuously staring at us. They were stalking A girl felt too shy as she was walking and some men were looking at her and ogling. Dropping my husband to the bus station after 10pm when i was returning back to my residence..followed &amp; stalked by 2boys on a vehicle. There are no lights around my hostel and it gets very dark in evening.  And because of this harassment has becomevwry common there. I often hear comment on my dress,  body on roads.  And somewhere I have learnt to live with it. Boys often comment on girls.  It's common and normal. I was driving my Scooty and suddenly a man on bike came and he was continuously staring me from top to toe as if I was an object. One boy was staring me from top to toe  and I got very uncomfortable I was on an auto and two boys sitting opposite me were continuously staring me and that made me uncomfortable. But I kept mum. I got down at my stoppage but suddenly I saw those two boys with other four boys stalking me and they stopped my way.  I got so scared that I started to run as fast as I can. I still feel terrible when I think of this incident. Drunk guys kept commenting and staring at us and tried to engage in conversations. a  father told her daughter that she want sex with her indirectly with in front her siblings There is a man who has been trying to seduce me for a long time We, a group of 6 girls, went for a day to Ocean Hills resort in Uttan, Mumbai for a holiday since it was Gandhi Jayanti. Though we enjoyed the morning, in the latter half of the day, there were a group of guys who also came to the place. In some time, we realised a couple of them were drunk. They began approaching us asking us to join them in the pool, to allow them to play cards with us and teach them how to swim. We were minding our own business and enjoying ourselves and it was annoying that we were forced to retreat into a corner so as to avoid them and their unwanted advances and boorish behaviour. A boy often stares me on my way to coaching but I never actually gave him notice. However many a times he comments as well. Boys ogle or stares every girl in such a way that it makes us uncomfortable. But we don't do anything The main station area is unpleasant for women and it is not recommended to go there in the evening/night.
The quarter is full of male immigrants who stare at women, make dirty comments, whistle and even more. When passing through the Schillerstraße at about 9 p.m. I received dirty comments, whistles and one filthy pig even grabbed my ass.

My complaints concern the area from Bayerstraße in the North to Pettenkoferstraße in the south and from Paul-Heyse-Straße in the west to Sonnenstraße in the east. A man was staring me from top to bottom A man was staring at me continuously while I was having some street food. I saw a man staring at a college girl so intensely that I felt uncomfortable. He was literally scanning that girl. Mr Roshan Kumar, Member of Technical Staff at Global Foundries has been a nightmare for working women. Groping in name of something else, sexual invites and horny expressions are a norm for him. It appears that if he does not talk about sex for few mins in front of his juniors, he will die. That man has abused his power by threatening too. People are scared that they might lose job. He randomly asks women for sexual favors and I am sick of it. I was going for my tuition classes. On my boy one boy stared me and my body in such a way that it made me very awkward and ashamed Two men on motorcycle made kisisng sounds while me and my sister were going for a walk Boys in my way stares and comments such vulgar things that I feel very awkward Boys stare me on my way to school in a vary bad way. A group of 4-5 boys often stalks me on my way to tuition. They sing vulgar songs, whistles and winks at me. They even pull my dupatta. Boys often catcalls like item, come &amp; sit on my bike.they ask us to call them. They stalk us everywhere. Whenever girls go out, one or other boy either comments, stalks, or catcalls or ask for number. And they enjoy doing that to girls. While returning home, often boys stalk me and asks for my number, catcalls me Whenever we return to home from school, boys comment on us, gives us flying kiss. Often boys whistles, comments and stalks girls A boy stands on my school Gate and stares at me. He says vulgar things. And when I don't respond, he Ben stalks me to my home and even to my tuitions. A boy was staring at me continuously and I got uncomfortable A boy often stalks and ogles me An old man started singing vulgar song staring at me continuously Two young boys tried to grab my sister when she went here for running at around 7 pm. This was in 2011. Since there was no one there, one boy grabbed her from behind and the other from the front. But she managed to break free and then shouted and started running towards them. TOok one of them to the police station and kept slapping him till the police asked her to stop/ A group of men were staring at me and my friends in such a way that I felt so uncomfortable and was regretting why haven't I wore duppata I was alone in the Maurya Lok waiting for my friend. One of the guy came and was staring at me. When I asked him to stop. He just said can I have you number madam. You look too good. And when I told him that I will complain, he just flew from there. One day me and my friend were walking home on bhandarkar road when a man while passing by on the bike looked at us and made signs of kissing and by hand., we ignored him and kept walking. He again returned and stood at the opposite side of the road staring at us. When I was going from FC bus stop, one guy looked at me with wrong intention. I am scared. I increased my walking speed and went away from the place. Around fc road boys were looked with the bad intentions.They looked to her breasts many times. It feels very uncomfortable. It happens frequently. On the route of college, many boys ogling with the girls. It feels very uncomfortable. It happens in college route and corporation area. It happens frequently I was walking around a car show with no bra on and two old men started making really lewd comments A girl reported being catcalled and ogled at while spending time at the location.  Since then she has felt so unsafe that she recommends not to visit the area after dark Male experienced ogling and staring, commenting, catcalls and whistles and picture was taken without permission. This location has poor lighting. Experienced Masturbation An 18 year old girl said around 3 months ago, she was groped here. She also faced ogling and men taking her pictures. She didn't take any action. 19 year old female student subjected to ogling and whistling A student here was stalked twice here. She was also catcalled and commented upon. Experienced Ogling Some groups of men gives various facial expressions while crossing the area. In the evening time, usually a group of people gives various facial expressions which are not appropriate. Sometimes they even take pictures and pass offensive comments. They usually face it during the evening time when their lectures are done and they leave the college campus. People make facial expressions and pass inappropriate comments. The person was inappropriately stared at, and pictures were taken without her consent. The person also feels that everybody should be aware of their own rights. The person was indecently stared at, inappropriately touched, commented upon and stalked. The person faced Eve teasing, but that hasnt changed her pattern of accessing the situation. Incident has changed pattern of access to the location ogling/facial expressions at the location in the night ogling at churchgate in the afternoon stalking and ogling has been experienced in the morning catcalling/commenting/whistling/ogling/taking pictures the individual has faced catcalling and whistling at the location the individual has faced catcalls/whistling at beach and feels unsafe because of the crowd the individual feels unsafe because of the crowd the individual feels unsafe at the location because there is a lot of staring and commenting the individual does not feel safe due to the crowd present and is scared to come out of her house post 12 the person does not feel safe due to the catcalls and whistling taking place every midnight Not changed access to location Not changed access to location Not changed pattern of accessing the location Has not changed pattern of accessing the location. Unsure whether incident has changed access to the place The incident did not change the pattern of accessing the location This lady was catcalled and inappropriately stared at, at the station, however did not report to the police. At the crowded station, the lady found herself being stared at, ignored and did not take any affirmative action. A woman at the beach found a man staring at her inappropriately in the evening time of the day. A woman from UK was sitting alone and we approached her because although she was sitting alone, she was surrounded by four men who were taking a selfie with her. When we asked her about it, she said they had asked her for a picture and after she had declined, they still took a picture. She said it was the third time that evening that someone had done this to her. While I was speaking to her, multiple times, men came and listened to our conversation and contiued to take pictures with/of her. When I asked them what they wanted, they replied with &quot;they wanted to hear what she was talking.&quot; She also said that she was stalked the previous night from CST to Churchgate. And the man only left when she told him she doesn't drink alcohol. Another man had come up to her on Chowpatty and asked if she wanted to have sex with him. Constant ogling People kept taking pictures without her consent, which made her feel uncomfortable. She was ogled and catcalled. Still finds the location unsafe. She was catcalled and stalked. Never came back alone. Whenever she visits the beach, she finds people staring at her. Makes her feel uncomfortable. Ogling and catcalling when she was waiting for the train People keep ogling, which makes the person feel uncomfortable. Staring, sexual invites Following, sexual invites, teasing Jab bhi me markit jati hu vhan pr kuch gallt tarike se dekh kar galt baat karte hae ! Kami telah singgah ke Sate Kxxxxg cawangan Elmina pada waktu tengahari sekitar jam 3 lebih .

Saya, suami dan tiga anak kecil kami 
(Khadijah, Hassan dan Hamzah)
Telah mengambil tempat di sudut meja makan di ruangan dalam.

Selang beberapa meja dan bertentang kami ada tiga orang lelaki berbadan besar,tinggi,gelap sedang makan.

Ketika suami saya mengambil tempahan,
Saya terkejut melihat pandangan yang sangat mencurigakan daripada lelaki pertama.

Orang ini berbaju biru nila,mata sangat merah dan pandangan tajam terhadap saya beberapa kali sebelum merenung sangat mencurigakan terhadap anak saya Khadijah di sisi kiri dan Hassan di sisi kanan.(saya di tengah )

Ok, untuk beberapa saat saya cuba tenangkan diri sambil membaca doa kerana sudah merasakan perasaan kurang enak.
Pandangan yang sangat tajam berulangkali sambil berbisik dengan sahabatnya 
(berbaju belang)di sebelah masih lagi merenung kepada anak anak saya.
Saya boleh katakan ianya tidak normal perlakuan ini berulang lebih belasan kali.

Saya buat riak biasa untuk tidak terlalu menunjukkan rasa tidak selesa.Dan sebaik sahaja suami saya datang berserta makanan.

Sambil menghulurkan makanan , saya segera beri kefahaman peristiwa sedang berlaku.

Suami minta berhati hati keselamatan anak.
Suami kemaskan kedudukan dengan Hamzah dan Hassan.

Mereka masih teruskan memerhati anak saya dan seolah olah bercakap sesuatu.

Saya berjaga jaga berserta anak anak di sisi.
Saya tidak makan supaya saya tidak hilang fokus dan sambil otak ligat memasang tindakan seandai sesuatu berlaku.

Sebagai ibu, perasaan &quot;tidak sedap&quot; sangat kuat. Dan apabila pemuda baju biru bangun untuk membasuh tangan, 

*Part ini sangat mencemaskan*
Pemuda ini melalui hampir sekali dengan kami dan dia merenung anak saya.

Ya dengan jelas dia melalui semula kali kedua, dia cuba lalu semakin dekat dan saya memeluk Khadijah terus ke atas riba saya sekuatnya.

Dia terkejut kerana sewaktu dia hampir,
Mata dia bulat sekali mungkin tidak menyangka melihat saya peluk kemas pada anak dan akhirnya angkat terus ke atas riba.
Dari jauh dia lihat seolah Khadijah duduk bebas tidak dipeluk.

Saya lihat pelik gelagat ketiga tiga mereka kerana makanan sudah selesai masih lagi duduk dan melihat kami.

Saya bagitahu suami,
Abang,rasa tak sedap hati sangat ni,
Nanti kalau diorang keluar kita tengok apa kenderaan mereka.

Janganlah kereta putih dan tinted
(sebab kebanyakkan kes culikan memang begini trademark mereka)

Allahurabbi,
Baru sahaja saya sebut...
Mereka sudah memasuki kenderaan estima putih dan tinted full hitam dan terus pecut laju.
Seram sangat!

Saya sangat bersyukur hal ini tidak menjadi insiden buruk buat kami sekeluarga.
Allah memelihara kami dari musibah,
Dan saya tidak mengatakan mereka penjenayah namun berdasarkan situasi tadi sangat  perlu berhati hati.
Wallahualam.

Tapi kami dapat pengajaran besar:

Jangan sekali kali leka bila di luar.
(hp,makanan,menjawab call,bersembang akan mengalih fokus kita tanpa disedari)

Wanita dan anak tanpa ditemani suami atau lelaki atau satu kumpulan besar ketika keluar meskipun di kawasan awam adalah
 BERISIKO TINGGI...
di mata penjenayah, ini adalah PELUANG.

Pentingnya ilmu seni pertahanan diri.

Doa itu kekuatan kita sebagai orang Islam.

Malang tidak berbau Guy sat across from me on the train from Lausanne to Geneva. Was constantly touching his foot to mine and staring and smiling creepily. When I would move my foot he would move his back again to be touching mine. When I got up to leave he again smiled but super creepily and said hey you, bye, have a good day in way that made me feel extremely uncomfortable. Perfect way to ruin someones entire day! Thanks creep! na A suspected immigrant (Bangladeshi) was staring at my 5yo daughter as we left the changing room at the KLCC park. He tried to take a photo of her but i managed to hug and cover her. He went ahead and took the photo possibly with me in it as well. He did not apologise or appear deterred by my reaction and just walked away. But he seemed to be keeping an eye on my daughter. When i saw him walk away...i let her ride the park rides...less than 2m away from the bench i was sitting. All of a sudden he ran to her, put his left arm around her shoulder and tried to take a selfie with her. I immediately rushed to her...covered her face and told him No and go away...he still attempted to take a photo until i shoved him away...he just walked away with no apology.

I also noticed several groups of Bangla men hanging  around the waterplay area of KLCC park...taking fotos. weird facial expression reported ogling and taking pictures and eve teasing reported stalking, groping,ogling, and commenting reported ogling,catcalls, taking pictures, commenting, no streetlights reported catcalls,facial expressions and indecent exposures reported ogling, catcalls and indecent exposure reported stares, facial expressions and stalking by a friend A friend of mine was assaulted by a boy who at first was staring at her and when she scolded that boy,he started passing bad and vulgar comments on her I am the students of patna college and when I and my friend were on the campus few boys started following us and afterwards they started making facial expressions which discomforted me and my friends. When we showed objection they started commenting on us and one of the boy clicked our photograph for threating us Few boys were continuously staring a group of girls and were passing bad comments on them I was walking on a road where I saw few boys were stalking  and commenting on a girl. It was because of poor street light A lot of shopkeepers outside the metro station were passing comments and staring at the girls passing by. touching/groping and stalking. 
ogling/facial expressions, commenting Standing in the women's section alone and I was stared at by a man This is the area that was described as yes for sexual harassment near Jai Hind College and Government Law College, near Churchgate Station. No specifics given. Hacienda Degollado is a local Mexican restaurant that my partner and I have frequented for the past few years. Male employee who usually runs the register (he has chin straps), is potentially the owner, always stares at me (female) when we come in. During this visit with a group of friends &amp; my partner, I made way to the restroom where this man said &quot;hey pretty lady&quot; and made very suggestive eyes at me. I did not respond and since then do not make eye contact with this man. He still stares whenever we go in and has made my visits there very uncomfortable. I'm travelling in a train. A boy is constantly staring at me and that is making me uncomfortable. Was standing for auto,
There a boy talked poorly over there. gomtipur pakodi ki ladi pe me pakodi kha rhi thi ek ladka mujko dhkka marke nikla or vhan se bhag gya . Sham ke samay yhna par daru pi kar mhilao ke sath chedti karte hae . If we stand for auto, then the boys will comment on their ham. When the tuition goes to class, I sing the song after seeing the boy. A boy was following me in a kindergarten. Was wrong gesture. Seeing girls going into this expanse, they tease. Driver is staring like a hungry dog. I stay in a hostel near income tax. And often guys pass lees comments and stare girls in a way that make them uncomfortable. I have been through it many a times. A man was ogling at a girl and touching his private parts just to have attention but it was a disturbing sight. I was passing the road, a bike rider slowed his bike and groped my breast. I complained to the police but he was freed after sometime. इस मार्किट मे जब हम शॉपिंग करने गए थे तो वहाँ पर लड़के लोग गलत इशारे करते हें । मार्किट मे जाते  हें ।  तो यहाँ पर लड़के छू कर जाते हें । गलत कमेँट करते हें । na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na Sexually assaulting na na na na LGBT'S harassing Male Bike riders and cycle riders comment and run away इस तालाब के पास एक गार्डन हें ।  हम वहाँ पर साम के समय जाते हें ।  यहाँ पर लड़के भी आते आते हें ।  गार्डन मे लड़कियों को देख कर इशारा करते हें । Pedicab cyclists insert themselves with impunity into conversation with companion. This has happened at least twice already. Men standing on backroad and ogling. As the place is low lit in the nights it is intimidating to walk through. ladkiyo pe comment pass kiya jata h. ladkiyo k travelling me problem hoti h Ogling and facial expressions He is working in call centre. When new ladies employee are recruited ,other male employee look at them with the wrong intention. He and his faculty started scolding them about their behaviour. Some people were constantly givingfacial expressions and passing various comments. A man took my pictures and was staring at me continuously which made me feel very uncomfortable. na na Two male students nearby recognized me from our old schools, and they knew to communicate with me via gesture by using an universal gesture for &quot;call me&quot; and &quot;suck&quot; and I quickly entered to my college away from them. We don't go to the same college but they're definitely in a neighboring college. On my street, i get harassed daily by the guys. They comment about my boobs and buttocks,and say the will have sex with me one day.they touch indecently but i always run from them. They do this because there is no street light. Everyday in Makinde street, sexual harassment, sexual invites, commenting, catcalls, occur. Little children also are victims. I have heard of rape issues at this spot. One of the reasons is lack of street light. So the harassers hide in the dark to commit this evil. A group of random strangers were staring at my friend in a bad way My friend was standing in a one piece dress, a man noticed her and started making vulgar expressions. Touching - Local trains and on station platform. Facial expressions and writing their mobile number unnecessarily on train seats 

(This happened when I was on a train to Rajasthan , not Borivali Station) One day , in shopping mall, one of my friends went to the washroom and suddenly she saw a fellow looking at her through the window.

She called the police ,however the fellow was not seen anywhere. There was this conductor who tried to come close to me when I was travelling from Nashik to Mumbai. Staring I was in first class ladies compartment alone when a man from the other compartment started singing songs which had double meanings. More like eve-teasing. Nothing to a very great extent but two guys tried to follow me on my way back home and behaved indecently. Trains : Boys pass cheap comments. Staring at people while passing from Kings Cirlce Station to
Throwing stones/Acid and passing comments to Mahim Station. Singing songs
Vulgar comments
Whistling 
Pressing bodies in public transport
and Touching. Our group of friends visited the a Water Park and a group of boys started following us,passing comments as well as taking photographs When I was going to my class a group of guys was staring at me. It is usual to be harassed or stared at by someone or teased by someone. My friend's boyfriend tried to touch her private parts. A man around #0, tried to get hold of my back in Roadway bus while I was travelling back to my hometown. Eve teasing, staring A drunk man was trying to harass a woman on the bus. Inappropriate touches in public transport like metro my friend and I was eveteased by one passerby on bike.HE took rounds and passed us several times faced kind of stalking many times while coming back from college in the late evening hours since I am in evening college the stalkers even approached me and tried to talk to me folllowing, inappropriate touching a guy clicking pictures in metro groped while waiting in the line of metro
groped while in the DTC bus
catcalls and whistling A man around age 0f 50 years by touching me inappropriately in the wave pool fun and food village gurgaon I was climbing down the escalator this morning and a shady looking man joined me on the same step on the escalator and started commenting on my saree. He came close to me on the escalator step. I stood there in a frozen state until we reached the bottom. Even then he started stalking me inside the Forum mall until I hurried towards the exit and lost him in the mall. I was very scared as I was alone and had been to watch a movie. THEFT. EVE TEASING. REMARKS. OGLING AND FACIAL EXPRESSIONS. 

DATE AND TIME NOT SPECIFIED. Ogling/Facial Expressions- especially when smoking and I just stare back aggressively Ogling/Facial Expressions Just got groped by a tourist Ogling/Facial Expressions Ogling/Staring I was dragged by a stranger holding very hard and was forcing me to dance along with them in the office anniversary party. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This is survey carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. Commenting at some one happens everyday in our college. Eve teasing is very common in our college itself. Commenting and teasing etc. I was stalked by a boy regularly when i used to go to school in the morning and i had to wait at the bus stop. A girl was harassed and not supported by family.
At the school campus. Girl was harassed and her family didnt support her, she was a friend and we made a complaint to the nearest police station. I get stared at when I go to school. iv'e experienced bad facial expressions shown towards me. people tend to comment at you when in train. i've been touched at thane station a married man from my area was continuously staring at me, smiling with wrong intention. I tried to ignore it but he followed me. I said this to my parents and they solve the problem. I was in 10th and was returning from school when my neigbour who's like my uncle held my hand near colony rooms and just started telling me he loves me and used kind of words which were really uncomfortable. I go for a walk every morning and there is this lecherous guy always who stalks and stares all the ladies passing by. when I come from college there are boys standing on the streets and stare at me and pass comments and laugh. When I'm mostly travelling in buses, trains et. It's happened to me. Not just one, but this guy stares at absolutely any lady that goes past him, front and back. some inappropriately touched my behind. The streetlights are not effective, it was very dark. Sometimes people touch me abruptly and pass comments. A drunkman was following me when i got off at grant road station. He was staring at me constantly. Catcalling and eve teasing near the railway station. From jogeshwari to grant road station. This happens mostly everyday when travelling. touched inappropriately at the station. in a local train, when the train stopped at a station, a group of guys entered and there was this girl standing alone. So they started commenting and staring at the girl themselves. The girl didn't feel comfortable. I was stared at outside Gate 5 of Saki Naka Metro station while I was waiting for a cab. This happened multiple times. Stalking, calling, home visits. Followed by a car. Ogling/Facial Expressions. Catcalls Ogling/Facial expressions. Teasing I was sitting in bus and the person who was sitting beside me was touching my waist again and again and then i get to know his intentions and slapped him tightly twice on his neck and he went out of the moving bus. i was constantly being stared at and this has happened at several occassions While I was travelling on my scooty, boys on the other scooty were commenting catcalls It has happened to someone i know. she was travelling in the metro as it was very crowded.. she was spanked. a guy unbuttoned his pant and tried to show his private parts tpo the group of girls Eve Teasing A group of men kept staring at me and made me very uncomfortably. I just used a different route to avoid them Catcalls in college fest. In the bus (764), near IIT. DTC bus; CP-Chandni Chowk. I have experienced indecent exposure,  touching and prodding. In DTC bus, 764, Nehru Place, New Delhi. People used to touch Private Parts. Indecent Exposure (masturbation), indecent comments, whistling, jostling/touching others' body. It happened on the night of December 1st when I went along with my friends for dinner.After finishing our dinner,I left the restaurant along with one of my friend.As we are living in a town where girls don't roam around after 8pm.Though it was the main centre of town,very few shops where open and all I could do was find for an auto soon to reach our college hostel.While I was standing out of the restaurant on the road,suddenly a bike passed by me and one guy sitting on the back hit my butt.It all happened so fast that I couldn't react and by the time I came to my senses,he rode fast.There where few gang of boys in the front who were waiting for us to pass by them.They were laughing at this incident though they seem to look educated!!(I know education doesn't matter much,its just the upbringing).I have come to this town(Bhimavaram) last year for studying dentistry.There are so many educated people here and also many Richi rich's but that doesn't make the town better.It is the people who make it the BEST and the people here are dirty minded! It is a bit okay to understand that the so called &quot;mass&quot; people maintain that attitude(I don't mean they should) but the highly educated people doing such things doesn't make sense. I was here to catch my train when i noticed few men ogling at me. once i was standing on the bus stopa man literally seduced me with his eyes and words and i tried to ignore i can never forget. Harrasment It was a very embarrssing situation. It happened in the auto rickshaw. I was travelling by the metro at Kashmiri Gate, was going upstairs,,there a man came and touchedon my upper body,,and was not able recognisewho he wasas the place was too crowded. Happened at a bus stop A bike with 3 boys came and stopped in front of my friend and gropped her breasts and went away. two guys were following our car and kept on commenting. This happened to a fellow passenger of mine travelling in the metro. He was kicked out of the metro station because he was &quot;differently&quot; dressed. happened in the bus from hauz khas metro station happened near a bus stop when 2 men started harassing me and my friend i was harassed at home by a family member Happened in motilal nehru college i was going back home and 2 boys started whistling i was returning home and saw few boys staring at me, they then started commenting and followed me till the market i was teased on the street while i was returning to my PG in the evening There were six boys in 2 scooties. They were eve teasing me and my friend. The street was silent. my neighbor tried to touch me Happened when I was in school,in an auto that i used to take regularly. The auto driver used to harrasment. Told my parents one day and stopped travelling with him Me, my friend and her sister were walking after attending her birthday. We were wearing dresses and a group of Kawads were passing by, hooting and passing comments. it happened near the dk metro station when two men were ogling at me I was ogled at while in the main market of lajpat nagar Got harassed at Rajiv Chowk metro station. near the park while i was walking this incident happened in the evening while i was roaming with my friends this man aged around 30 was following me groped inside the metro by a 40-45 year old man A policemen.Looked drunk by his eyes.Me and my friends were going home and she stopped us , shaked hands and gave those hand signals to me. A man comes and groped my butt and walked off. It was crowded at that time so i couldn't catch hold off him. indescent exposure, totally naked man in a ladies compartment. He stripped inside the compartment. I board a train from Churchgate and there were people passing comments and stalking. A man's stare was making me uncomfortable. I am 14 years old! When I visit my aunt's place at Wadala, a boy in the area harasses me in the form of kissing actions and whistles. This makes me feel scared and extremely unsafe to go there. I was stared at by a man as I was waiting for an Ola Cab outside Gate 4 of the Metro station. His stare lingered and made me thoroughly uncomfortable. Touching, ogling Ogling, Stalking Touching, staring, sexual invites, commenting Staring/ogling, touching, stalking, passing comments Staring continuously Staring continuously Ogling and facial expression Feels safe at the station because there is safe atmosphere generally Feel safe at the station because of the lights and crowd Touched, ogled etc Staring/ogling, Touching, indecent exposure There is not a single reason Staring Touching Touching, Ogling have beed touched Touching, Lot of Staring Being stalked by a guy, teasing. touched few months back while walking on the station b Been stalked by a stranger, lot of staring. Touched Passing comments, catcalls, indecent exposure touching private parts. Sexual invites, passing lure comments. Been touched &amp; harassed verbally Stalking, Staring, Touching, Invites. Physically harassed &amp; sexual invites. Making facial expressions &amp; staring continuously in an awkward way. Also face physical harassment. Sometimes its safe and sometimes it isn't and the reason is crowd only. It happens with her almost every second day She is a working woman. The main reason she feels safe because its over crowded. She is  student and she doesn't feels safe at all at the station. And she faces assault almost daily. She is a govt. official and there are times when she feels unsafe due to overcrowded area. She is 50 and from last so many years almost everyday she has been a victim of sexual assault while traveling. Unfortunately, she never couldn't take any action so far. Being a student she sometimes doesn't feel safe. Being a student she does feels safe at the station. He does not feel safe because of the crowd and people generally touch you. I was on my way to Ghatkopar from DN Nagar Metro station when i saw a man (who i assume must have been married) ogling at a women on the other platform. I gave that man a stern look and whenever he saw me he pretended to look somewhere else as if he was doing nothing. Boy was clicking pictures staring and commenting Elbowing Facial expressions Staring, Touching Staring, Touching Ogling, Groping Beggar Harassing, touching Ogling, Groping, Intimidation, pick pocketing Touching/Groping, Intimidation, Pick pocketing Poor street lighting, North east Report, Faced many harassment very frequently. Ogling, Groping Ogling, Groping Ogling, Groping, Sexual Invites Ogling, Groping Touching/Groping, Commenting, Ogling, Sexual Invites Commenting, Ogling, Touching, Sexual Invites Ogling, Sexual Invites, Commenting, Touching, Stalking Ogling, Commenting Touching Staring, Touching/Groping, Ogling Sexual Invites, Touching/Groping,Ogling Touching/Groping, Commenting, Ogling, Sexual Invites Ogling, Touching Groping, Ogling, Whistling Staring, catcalls Groping Staring &amp; groping Less female constables, not safe at late night I was being stared oddly &amp; other day was being touched by elbow. Ogling/Facial Expressions, Commenting Whistling &amp; catcalls. was walking past a store when i noticed a man looking towards me making expressions and commented on me while returning. A person was continuously staring &amp; making comments on my looks. A man approached me from another direction and said something to me when he got very clear (I had headphones in and didn't hear but he said, but I felt it was malignant). I ignored him and kept walking but I got stuck at a traffic light. I turned around and he was still here, making a lude gesture at me and stalking me. While coming out from station, at the exit of station a group of boys were passing comments and staring continously. While boarding the train there were was a person who was passing cheap comments A guy tried to click my pictures and was staring at me while I was coming out from the Kurla station A man was staring. For the past 3 years, I've been stared at multiple times - every time in the chest area - on the crowded bridge connecting the Andheri metro and railways stations. It was during my coaching our classmates used to follow us everywhere we used to go and pass comments on our dressing and our body language. it felt very uncomfortable. It was around 10:30 pm. I was supposed to receive my female friend and as soon as she came to me a group of 7-8 grown up men started passing comments. In a beer bar after it closed two girls who were there are hit by some men When she refused to go with them. I was travelling in the Delhi metro and a man was staring at a girl with the intention full of lust.
After a decent amount of time I couldn't take it and I stood in his point of view and gave him a casual look. Fortunately that sent the message. During a party while dancing in college a guy pinched a girl at inappropriate part. Taking pictures. Verbal teasing . A man thought I was a prostitute and was offering money for one night. few people followed me to my home and also pelted stone at me and comments continuously victim was subjected to fear, all of a sudden, when the boy standing on the other side of the bus stop made obscene facial expressions . victim was followed by a group of boys who also made indecent facial expressions and passed obscene comments. On metro a guy was continually staring &amp; making me uncomfortable. The riksha driver was whistling and commenting at every girl wearing shorts. An auto riksha driver &amp; his friend was abusing girls on street. staring at private parts all the time. alot of guys pass comments while going through. abusive glares passed at women A man was staring continuously Hooted and commented on. Harrased by a guy on bike Harassment by a biker i was been stared at a man was continuously following. He kept on coming closer and closer A salesman kept on staring at me when i was inside the store. Also when i came out of the store he followed. i was touched unappropriated i can not explain a man was fallowing me and passing comments i did not feel safe can't explain a random man on a bike stopped me and a few school going girls and flashed us, laughed and ran away Eve teasing in late evening when the roads are most deserted. Eve teasing on streets in early morning Eve-teasing on streets I was walking towards the Bandra Gymkhana on D'monte Park road on 15th August (independence day... for whom?) at around 10pm and was groped by a biker who rode by, grabbed my butt and then looked back to smirk at me as he rode past. I was walking on the road as the footpaths are uneven and I could not get his license plate as the lighting is very dim. This is a frequent event on this road and The ALM has already asked for better lighting but the BMC will not cooperate. This has happened twice now that random bikers ask me if I want to come with them. The first time happened a month ago at around 7:30 pm when I was walking on the forever deserted footpath from wadala station and then this biker first asks me for directions and then asks me if I want to come along with him and he continues to follow me till I take out my phone and he leaves. The second time happened on Saturday 13th August 2016 at 10:30 pm when I was walking near Wadala station and this biker stopped his bike right in front of me and started using different facial expressions. Thankfully my parents came to pick me up at that time. But the biker managed to get away before I could complain. The entire R A Kidwai road stretch has been very dangerous and scary for women to walk on because of the deserted street. sometime ago, I was travelling in an autorickshaw in Dehli. I was wearing a dress, so  naturally my calfs were uncovered. Men on their bikes and even from their cars kept peeping inside the autorickshaw to see. Althrough wich was humilating and creepy. Reaction : I tried to ignore and look at my phone. A week ago, I was returning at night from a party and got off from the rickshaw right outside my building when a drunkard randomly stood next to me staring continuously at me and the rick guy. I asked the rick guy to wait till he saw me enter by building wing and then leave. I RAN FOR MY LIFE!! i was out with friends atrcity for a late night coffe at starbucks.. we came out around 10.15 and two guys sitting on their bikes started whistling and as we started walking they asked us if they could drop us home this happened last month when i was going back home from college and it was raining heavily and trains were empty so after i entered the train it occurred to me that i was the only person in that dabba, there was a another boggie beside where few men were standing and during the course of travel i could sense someone staring at me continuously, when i looked around i saw a guy around late 20's staring at me, even when i looked at him he wont stop staring and would give these ugly smiles which would freak me out i eventually started ignoring. i was walking towards ddar station around 10;30 am from podar college and reaching half way, 6 group of boys crossed me, and 2 boys on their bikes came back and passed some disrepectful comments and kissing faces A guy was staring at me continuously while I was waiting for the train. My Chain was snatched while I was in the rickshaw. winks with flying kisses once while travelling in a rickshaw i noticed the rick wala glaring at me now and then which was disturbing. there is a famous mall in kalyan called metro juntion..and a section of the mall is food junction,that area is usually filled with lousy boys which makes it uncomfortable to visit. i once was trying to get a rick from ghansoli gaon and it was becoming difficult around 7pm since more of these gaon people would roam especially men making any woan uncomfortable. Was on my way to home from work. A guy was blowing whistles at me. I went to meet my boyfriend to that college where a group of men stand near the gate of the college and probably if they find then one attractive, they follow her till she reaches her class or wherever in the college and so did happen with me and whole following they even pass some comments and do body shaping. It happened with my friend's brother when he was doing graduation. His immediate neighbor tried to sexually abuse him but he escaped as he informed his parents. A big major incident was prevented because of his alertness. A lot of auto drivers at the metro station often misbehave and talk rudely, or even abuse verbally. It feels very unsafe since I travel alone, and often due to work and college I get late. The place is extremely unsafe for all the foreign tourists, and I have witnessed people taking pictures, calling names and behaving inappropriately with them. A guy got on the metro from Kirti nagar and sat beside me, he suddenly started singing songs while looking towards me and my friend and then kept looking for reasons to talk to us, by asking the next metro stations, our names, etc. He then called out a name before getting off the metro and commented on our clothes. He also kept bumping into us intentionally. Me and my friends were coming back from our internship and going towards the Dwarka sector 10 metro station. There is a wine and beer shop where a lot of men hang around and pass comments and behave indecently. once i was at ulhasnagar around 10 pm returning home finishing some work,when walking towards one the road.i found many drunk men on the dim bridge sleeping or staring which is creepy. kurla station really gets scary at night. once i was trying to get a train from kurla station..around 10 pm and their were men staring at me continuously which really freaked me out. Was followed by a group of men in a car while I was on my way to home two girls were ogled at,at Chandivali Junction colleagues in the office used to stare at me Since i was the only girl training at the Honda plant, everyone used to stare at me the localites deal with the stares and comments on a daily basis. I was passing through a street when some men started to pass vulgar comments I was working as an intern in an organisation. The authority so concerned would touch me inappropriately. Even when I told him not to, he would still stare and pass obscene comments. Finally I gave up and tried to avoid him as much as possible. Drunk people in a car commenting on me and my friend. the security guard of our building keeps staring at me and makes weird faces whenever i see him it is offending. This incident has happened to me twice in the same area with the same man, over a period of two years. In January 2014, the mentioned man, then a slightly chubby, balding guy, had crossed my path while i was just a block away from my home. He looks decent, and uses a bike which i now realise, has license plates that are half broken or absent. he then crossed me and came back, stood on the opposite side of the road with his penis sticking out of his pants and asking me to take a look. he was masturbating. I was too shocked to react and by the time I did ,, he had taken off on his back. Recently, the same man, who is now balder and fatter, once again crossed my path on the same road, this time i was near my building. the man was once again on a bike, but a nicer looking black and red sports bike. He had worn shorts and t shirt that people wear to a gym. all black. he came back, again maintaining a safe distance from me, this time he said very derogatory and vulgar things about my private parts, along with what he wanted to do with them. seeing him again , triggered memories of 2014 and i was frozen for a second, but once again when i did react he escaped on his bike. to me he now seems like a serial molester, with a modus operandi of targeting girls/women in that area, in the wee hours of morning, on a bike with no plates. I am certain he lives in that area too. I was regularly beaten by my husband especially when he used to come home drunk once when waiting for a train..at the dadar station..i saw a man staring at me continuously..he didn't stop even when i gave him gold glares A middle aged man sitting beside  me in the auto ws intentionally trying to touch me through his fake activities like throwing packets or trying to pull the plastics present on both the side of the auto for rains on a sunny day. I was being followed by a man on bike. Being teased by random men. whistling and kissing actions I was being followed by 2 men on a bike till this location. sexual harrasement during office hours I had experience while travelling in train.In the reserved compartment mostly during night time boys getting in and out in each station and staring.
Nowadays scary to travel in train.
why in reserved compartment no continue security . At a party in my village in the night, I was stared at. I was stared at near JNV hostel near Saboo village of Ladakh I was stared at when I was passing by with my friends. I have travelled by metro literally all my life. It was just another day. After I got in the metro , a group of boys also boarded and they stood right behind me. I could hear them making comments and vulgar signs with fingers while looking at me which made me really uncomfortable. I raised by voice against but only to be manhandled by one of them. Luckily there was another guy who helped me and brushed them off but thats enough. I was walking by pratap nagar towards my house after attending Aakash Coaching classes. Some guys started following me and made vulgar comments. When I stopped at a signal to cross the road I noticed them trying to take a picture of me. Thankfully there was a police officer near, though he did nothing only shood them away which isn't enough for dogs like them. I was travelling by metro like every other day. Except on that day there were a group of boys in the metro right beside who were constantly talking in whispers and looking at me. Making vulgar signs with fingers and facial expressions. During Evening it's pretty odd to walk around since  the side walk are filled with boys and stares at any girl who passes by. this happened when i went to Kerala. i was travelling in a bus..and while looking out of the window..i saw a guy staring at me and making absurd faces. I had attended a party which happened to get over around 1 am. I could manage to find a rickshaw to travel back home. I was already to conscious to travel alone but i feared more when the rickshaw happened to look drunk. He was driving too fast despite my warnings. And then when i asked him to stop, he kept on driving it ahead. When i shouted and told him aggressively, he stopped at a place where i got down and ran quickly without even paying to him. This incident made a huge mark on me. I was going back from a friend's place when my two wheeler broke down near a park. I had been there on the road trying to fix it for about 5 minutes, and then i saw two bikes coming from a distance with 3 men on one bike and 2 on the other. They stopped nearby and started whistling and commenting. But fortunately the problem got fixed and I quickly got on my scooty and left as fast quickly as possible. I was walking out of the mall with my friend and a man sitting on a bike talking to someone or pretending to talk to someone kept staring at me inappropriately.  It was a disgusting feeling. this incident occurred when i was returning from school,few men were staring at me and giving awkward expressions, this incident really scared me. This incident happened,when i was returning from school,few men were staring at me and making awkward facial expressions.This incident scared me. A man stared at me for half an hour at the train station while we were waiting for our train to another city. I was waiting for my friend on the street and a man was staring at me and giving uncomfortable looks I was in the metro and a person was continuously staring at me, I avoided and then when he got down at the uttam nagar station he stood   just in front of the door and when the door closed he gave a flying kiss and showed a very cheap gesture Saku was returning  back from her work, aa group of four guys on their bikes passed some comments and whistled with very disrespectful expressions staring staring staring staring staring catcalls following catcalls staring staring staring I was going to vijay nagar by rickshaw whenI noticed another rickshaw puller was staring me for long, and was making wierd faces and whistles. Saw two boys on a bike of around 20 years of age eve teasing a girl who was walking down the road. Probably to the metro station. We were a group of girls when some boys passed lewd comments and constantly stared at us. A man was giving me weird and disgusting looks near a public toilet a lot of eunichs thrive in this area and extort money from students and locals alike. if refused, they misbehave I was sitting at the bus stop as I have to every single day at 6:40 for my bus, it's quite deserted and very few people are up and about. Many times I've had men come up on bikes and jeer and cat call me and make horrible sexual remakrks. Once a guy rode up on a bike and started taking pictures of me and I had to duck. Recently when I was walking there in the evening around 6 so not that &quot;late&quot; in the span of 5 minutes two auto drivers drove up to me on the middle of full traffic and made disgusting remarks at me. at the metro station there were some men always sitting who made girls feel uncomfortable and stared them like anything. at the bus stand a a boy was staring at the young lady which made her feel awkward. i was on my way home after an event and was with a male friend so i decided to take the general compartment instead of the ladies (big mistake). there was so much crowd. It was ok till i had to get off. I felt at least three hands&quot;accidentally&quot; brush against my butt. two men were staring at a woman. at night a girl saw somebody inviting her for sexual intercourse. she ran away from there. a girl standing at the us stop waiting at a bus was made uncomfortable when two men were staring at her. a lady was so uncomfortable when two boys were ogling at her and she had to rush from here. smoking on the face he kept laughing loudly to attract attention,then made bad gestures relating to a woman's body parts. it was not possible to ignore him, he seemed mental purposely making noises to attract attention and then annoying Blind person asked a girl to show him d way towards platfrom no. 4 bt. When girl told him the way he tried to touch her in wrong manner. the people liviingin the sluma rea near the station make it really unsafe for people to walk at night a friend of mine was followed by a person the place is surronded by goons and very unsafe place for travel catcalling ,commenting and grouping is a daily occurance whisteling,catcalling and groping has become a frequent thing and no proper lighting is very unsafe for women the area is surrounded with indecent people who oogle and pass comments staring and commenting near the college makes the students feel unsafe a friend of mine was sexually harassed at the beach whistling and commenting on an aquaintance oogling at women and catcalls Staring in an inappropriate way.It happened in the morning around 6 months back. staring and stalking a group of guys lurking around the theater at night calling out to girls This happened to someone i know around 6 months back. My friend was stared at in our school (sarvodaya vidalaya) by a sweeper. It happened in the morning. It happened near prem gali near a stationary shopin the evening around 6 months back. 
While I was going to my friend's place, a boy stared at me inappropriately. While we travel, we are harassed and because of this we cannot go anywhere.It happened in the night around  months back. While we were in a bus in karol bagh, a boy was staring at us in an inappropriate manner.This happened in the evening around 6 months back. Whenever I go to the toilet complex, I am harassed. I was walking out of the mall with my friend and a middle aged man riding on the bike watching us and making inappropriate faces passed a comment on us. It was so annoying that not only youngsters but grown-ups also have no respect for women. I went to this market along with my sister in- the evening and a man around 80-90 years in age was staring at me inappropriately. A boy in my tuition was staring at me inappropriately.It happened in the evening and its been a month When I used to go for my tuition, near the tuition there was a boy. He always used to pass comments on the colour of my clothes. It used to happen in the evening. Its been around 3 months. While I was on my way to tuition, I was harassed. While I was going to the public toilet from my home, i was harassed. Its been a month. My friend came to my place around 6months back and while she was on her way, boys were staring at her in at inappropriate manner. It happened in front of the mosque in the afternoon. It happened ear the toilet complex in the night. The way towards tge toilet is usually surrounded with a group of boys who stare at us. Its been a month. I was in a bus and a boy was staring at me in an inappropriate manner.It happened in the evening and its been around 6 months. We do not have toilet in our house. We usually access the public toilet complex. The toilet is usually surrounded by a group of boys and they pass comments.It happened at all hours of the day. Me and my sister were going to the market and a boy  started whistling at my sister. He also blocked our way. Then my sister abused him a lot. It happened in the afternoon.
Its been more than 6 months. I was coming back home from school with my friend in the afternoon.Some boys were passing obscene comments. its been a month. I was going for my tuition. a group of boys were whistling and ogling in a very inappropriate way. I was on way to home, a guy was staring me.Its been more than 6 months. I was going home after my tuition around 8 in the evening and a guy followed me. Its been around 3 months. It happened at my house. My brother harassed me and also misbehaved with me one night.
Its been six months. Near school, I was looked at in an inappropriate manner Age: 19 years
Type of harassment:
Facial expressions- at Leh market (day time)
Stalking- at Leh market (day time)
Catcalls- during tuition time in Leh (day time) Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Facial expressions- at my neighbour’s house (evening)
Stalking- at Leh market (day time)
Catcalls- at Leh market and my village (day time/evening) Age: 19 years
Type of harassment:
Staring/Ogling- at Choglamsar (Leh) (day time)
Stalking- at Leh main bazaar (day time)
Catcalls/Whistles- at Housing Colony in Leh (day time)
Sexual invites- yes (evening) Age: 15 years
Type of harassment:
Facial expressions- at Leh market in 2016 (day time)
Catcalls- at school and streets in Leh in 2015 (day time/evening) Age: 15 years
Type of harassment:
Facial expressions- at school in Leh in 2016 (day time)
Taking pictures- at Leh market in 2015 (day time)
Catcalls- at school in Leh in 2016 (day time) Age: 17 years
Type of harassment:
Staring/Ogling- when I was roaming in Leh market (evening)
Stalking- in 2014 during “kachos” (sermon) in Choglamsar (Leh) (day time)
Catcalls- at market in 2015 during tuition time (day time)
Commenting- “moti” (fat) (day time) Age: 15 years
Type of harassment:
Staring/Ogling- in market (day time)
Stalking- in Leh market on 15th August, 2015 (evening)
Catcalls- on 15th August, 2015 (evening)
Sexual invites- yes (evening) Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Staring/Ogling- at my friend’s home (evening)
Touching- at friend’s home (evening) Age: 15 years
Type of harassment:
Staring/Ogling/Facial expressions- at Changspa (Leh) (day time) Age: 16 years
Type of harassment: 
Staring/Ogling- at Choglamsar (Leh) near Choglamsar bridge on 25th December, 2015 (evening) I am 15 years old and I was stared at in my village during the daytime. Happened at P.A.M.G.P garden, near the market Someone passed a comment at me in my locality, near the temple at Trimukti Seva Sangh chawl one girl who lives in haider pur village was discomforted by a man who constantly kept on staring her and was looking her in a very cheap way. my friend was waiting for her bus on the stop and there was one more man standing with her whom she didn't know. this man was giving some discomforting facial expressions which could not be tolerated by my friend she couldn't do anything so she left. I was walking with my cousin on the road and many men were just staring. I was small but my sister was around 20 and she just ignored it and walked along acting like it never happened. while i was standing on the bus stop there were two guys the bus stop was crowded so i looked around and changed my position and i stood where females were standing on the bus stop by seeing the faces i couldn't recognize that these guys could do these cheap things as an when i was standing near some ladies while i was waiting for the bus these guys also came near toa me like they also changed their positions like i was noticing their actions i saw that there were giving me cheap facial expressions by seeing this i changed my direction i faced them just in opposite direction then also i noticed that they were continously smiling and looking at me as if they were talking about me only and trying to judging me then when i boarded my bus they also boarded the same bus the boys were standing just next to me then i told my parents that i wont be able to travel through public transport as these sort of things happens in them. the area is never safe for girl be in day or night. a lady going in the evening back to her house had to face the unnatural staring of to men which disturbed her. a small boy nearly 5 to 6 years who was roaming near his home was given some really fierce looks my an uncle standing which made him run form there. he abused him for no reason but the boy couldn't help and ran away. a girl waiting for her bus to go to her college felt unsafe when an old man was ogling at her which made her uncomfortable. my friend was waiting for her bus on the stop and there was one more man standing with her whom she didn't know. this man was giving some discomforting facial expressions which could not be tolerated by my friend she couldn't do anything so she left. People especially boys gaze and comment on roads.We generally ignore but now it has become heights. while i was standing on the bus stop there were two guys the bus stop was crowded so i looked around and changed my position and i stood where females were standing on the bus stop by seeing the faces i couldn't recognize that these guys could do these cheap things  as an when i was standing near some ladies  while i was waiting for the bus these guys also came near toa me like they also changed their positions like i was noticing their actions i saw that there were giving me cheap facial expressions  by seeing this i changed my direction i faced them just in opposite direction then also i noticed that they were continously smiling and looking at me as if they were talking about me only and trying to judging me then when i boarded my bus they also boarded the same bus the boys were standing just next to me then i told my parents that i wont be able to travel through public transport as these sort of things happens in them. Two men kept staring and passed lewd comments when I started walking away about what they would like to do to my body. A man misbehaving with a lady at Bus Stop 3-4 men staring and started commenting. Sort of eve teasing. Group of people whistling at passerbys.Annoying by calling names and irritating. Passing comments two boys were staring at me. A  group of boys was standing near us and were making weird expressions and as we moved away they started whistling. A BOY WAS STARING AT US AND WAS TRYING TO USE HIS PHONE. WHEN ONE OF US WERE DOUBTFUL ,WE WENT TO HIM AND TOOK HIS PHONE.HE WAS CLICKING PICTURES OF US. MY FRIENDS AND I WENT TO GIRGAON CHOWPATTY. WHILE WE WERE WALKING A GROUP OF BOYS WAS FOLLOWING. INITIALLY WE THOUGHT IT WAS COINCIDENCE BUT SOON REALISED THAT THEY WERE FOLLOWING US SO WE ALL DECIDED TO CHANGE OUR ROUTE. WHILE WAITING FOR A CAB, A BOY WAS CONTINUOUSLY STARRING AT ME. I was in a temple when a boy strted winking showing abusive facial expressions I was in the Buddh Bazaar shopping when a man  was whistling and walking by my side giving wrong expressions A guy was staring at my friends and me at Carter Road. He was sitting opposite to us and he was masturbating. I realized and I stared back until he zipped his pants and left the place. while I was waiting for my friend at the bus stop of an unknown city an elderly man kept starring me for about an hour. When coming from Mhada colony, I was harassed I was harassed in the lanes in my community- my clothes were also pulled at When passing the ground near Indira Nagar, comments were being passed and I was ogled at. Comments were passed at me near the community toilet by a group of boys, who were also staring at me. I was stared at in a dirty way, as well as some comments were passed yes it happened, comments were passed, there was whistling Om Sai Beach Huts is not safe for female solo travellers. 

While the owner, Gaurav Bhagat, was drunk he told me that he and the staff were watching me to see if I was sleeping with my friend. (who was there and staying in a seperate room)  And that he called them to check what we were doing, and that the ENTIRE STAFF was giving him information about my activities and whereabouts. 

What bothers me most is NOT that he hit on me eventually - but that he and your staff were watching me and they were reporting to you what I was doing. That does not make me feel safe, in fact, because of this I have many doubts about the overall safety of the place. The hut and bathroom had holes in the walls where someone could see inside. I overlooked them, but now I doubt that someone was watching me while I slept and changed clothes and other things which require privacy. 

I cannot recommend this place to anyone knowing what he told me. there is a alcohol shop in this locality where a group of boys residing at banganga stare at girls walking back home and mentally harass them. they are around everyday at 10.45-11pm at night There is a alcohol shop in this area and at night after 11 a group of boys residing in banganga come and harass girls Outside School (vasudev vidhyalaya) some boys started following me On the ground, I was looked at in a dirty fashion and also spoken to in a dirty way Yes, in the galli near the temple, someone passed a comment and was staring at me. Near Mhada, one boy caught my hand Someone was whistling at me, also staring at me my colleague, also a senior at work, kept forcing me to take a lift from him. despite my refusals, he kept calling me, texting me and following me after work. it all stopped when i confronted him and told him that i am not interested and that i'll complain to the management about this. it's fine now few months back, my maid had gone to our usual drycleaner. the dry cleaner inappropriately asked her to join him in the house, she insisted for her to come upstairs. this angered my maid and she told him to behave or she'll complain. As I was waiting for the train, a man would not stop staring at me. A man tried to follow me and was staring at me. a group of boys were standing there and starring at us. as we started moving one of them commented on my friend. a man was starring at me while i was standing at the bus stop. while entering the train a boy was passing comments on my dressing sense. a boy was continuously starring me. a group of boys started following us. a group of people were whistling at me and my friends. it happened when i was walking on the railway station the sation being pretty empty few men passed by me and stated commenting whistling and stalking a liftman was looking at me in the elevator and i didnt like the way he was starring was in a mall elevator and the liftman was looking at me and i did not like the way he was lookinh and i felt violated but i did not know what to do. on of my friends was on her way to college in a taxi.after reaching the destination the driver touched in a wrong manner and started flirting and asked for mobile number friend was sexually harassed in the house by a male servant. a friend of mine was an only child who belonged to a good family. her parents worked away for hours and left her in the hands of a male servant. while they were away he would sexually harass her in their own home. Comments passed by two boys riding a bike Teased by an older man Passing comments and whistling Was invited to sit in a car with four men i was travelling to the station after college in the 155 bus where a man was staring at me constantly. i stared back at him but before i could shout at him he got off the bus. i was traveling by the train with my friend from vile parle to grant road and got into the males compartment. there one man was continuously ogling at us and even commenting. it was really annoying. my friend was ogled at by a man for a very long time. he made weird facial expressions looking at her. this report will allow you to understand why girls are forced to commit suicide. You might be seeing on tv and news these days, how girls commit suicide because of blackmailing and sexual harassment. This is my story. I am 15. I had gone to visit my friend and on her street i noticed a guy staring at me. He was 18 or 19. He even winked at me, whistled, commented and what not. I ignored him and paced to my friend's place. I told her about this incident and she was mad at me, she wanted to go and confront that guy. We forgot about him and talked about ourselves for the rest of the afternoon. In the evening, i was totally shocked when i saw the same guy enter my friend's house. she introduced him as her brother and that's when i was speechless. the guy grinned at me dirtily and went to his room. My friend that day had got me a dress and she wanted me to try it on and show it to her. I was in no mood, i was disgusted, i wanted to shout at her brother, tell my friend all about him, but i kept quiet. I succumbed to her pressure and went and changed my dress. After showing her the dress, when i was going back to change into my original one, i noticed him standing near the staircase smiling in an evil way. He blocked my way, held my hand and forced me to see a video on his one. I was horrified when i saw its my video while i was changing my clothes in the toilet. i started crying and begged him to delete it. he said he will only if i have sex with him. at that moment as i was pleading and begging, i don't know how i got the strength to slap him. my friend heard the noise and came out where we were, i told her everything, she was speechless and did not know how to react. she cried and said many things to her brother. things were never the same after that, neither was i. i was going back from my tutions around 2 pm when an auto driver looked at me and passed comments. he misbehaved with me. This happened near virat cinema Catcalls, comments, lots of ogling, some stalking, and sexual invites in Khan Market. Groups of men gathered, especially around the parking lot, blocking our path. They were staring, laughing, and making sexually explicit comments. More groups of men appeared after 4pm. While waiting for a cab, we tried to hide in a cafe. Also, intimidating area as some alleys are just filled with men, especially after 4pm. Commenting, catcalls, sexual invites, so much ogling, some stalking. Shopping with my mother in the early afternoon. Groups of men gathered, blocking our way, staring, laughing, making comments. Very intimidating to tourists. More groups gather after 4pm. It was especially bad near the stores/cafes near the parking lot. While waiting for a cab, we tried to go into cafes to avoid the men because we felt so unsafe. While shopping, it got difficult to find our way around and getting directions/help was difficult. Some alleys were filled with only men. while going to my sister's house one man gave me a lift. He was talking nonsense to me. Later he gave me his visiting card to give missed call and he would call me back. he even said that he would take me out. it was after my tutorial class while i was returning home a group of girls were teasing me and giving a sign of sexual invitation I was showed bad facial expression by a boy. He was showing bad and rough kind of expression. infront of my home there is a shop where a group of boys make their junction and i used to be their one of the target i could do nothing one day my brother heard their activities and he scolded them from than they have stopped doing so in front of my aunt's home there is a small ground and a group of boys gather there and smokes and teases girls and i am one of the victim one day i decided to share my problems with my aunt and i did she and she took an action to remove them now i feel safe my father's friend (uncle) used to stare me. this used to make me uncomfortable. when we were going to home some boys teased us. They commented us. It was festive season and night time. one of my friend was beaten by other gang of boys. When I was going to home at night. Some drunkards teased me. one day i was walking from home to school. i got my shoes damaged and i went to cobbler to fix it but i dont find anyone in the shop so i went to next shop for this purpose but a man from   my back followed me and catch my hand and uses rough words an invited me for sexual activities it was a alley so i was too scared and i found a stone and hit him ran away from there and enter in one of the house there to make myself safe.now i avoid that way which recall me that incident. i feel that i was once sexually harassed. it was a incident of almost 4 month back i was walking on the alley some boys teased me and commented me with very bad and rough words and they even stalked me and stared touching here and there i was too scary moment which i never could forget finally i manages to escape out from that hell One day when I was travelling on pack bus. There was a man who stood near by me. He touched me more than 2-3 times. I thought he must be doing it unknowingly but later I realized it that he was doing it purposely. Then I pinched him next time when he tried to touch me. He said sorry to me. When I was returning to home. some guys came on bike and started commenting me. I reacted and asked them to tell this to his mom and sisters. I was walking in town then a group of conductors started making funny facial expression. I got disturbed and moved out of the place immediately I was passing by and some ladies were busy peeping in on of the video room where pornographic movies were being shown I was walking to school when a man offered to pay me bus fare while making facial expressions towards me. A man winked at me and shouted that am his future wife we were passing by from school certain boys started calling us &quot;manyonyo manyonyo&quot; we mate a man on our way from school and he started winking on us we never responded I was walking home from work I came across some guys who started whistling and looking at me making sexual facial expressions I was inside the class room peeping throughbthe window when I saw this man who lives in theschool compoung whinking at me and making suggestive signs at me my classmate looks at me in a funny way, whenever our eyes meet he winks at me or starts to make funny facial expression my friends and I were coming from church,we met this old man who called one of my friends to help him opperate a phone,my friend went to assist him only to find that the man wanted her to watch porn videos on the phone my friend calls me on saturdays to come by their house and watch porn while his parents are not around we watch porn as we wait to watch a football match.(apocalipto) I was in a bus from town and this man sitted behind me kept on calling out the window for girls along the road I was going to toi market when I came across a man who hit me with his shoulders and then raised his eyebrows at me and winked. I was so pissed I was walking going to school when a group of men sitted around the garage started calling me and laughing while talking my friend and I were walking home when a group of boys seated around a corner started whistling at us.when we pretende not to have heard them,they started calling us names.we felt really bad on my home with a group of female friends.we came across this groiup of men that was looking at us and laughing. It made us feel awful a man wallks up to a girl greets her by the hand and refuses to let go and starts to rub it suggestively.looking at her suspiciously the girl took off towards the  main road leaving the man clicking a lady was walking along riverroad going to a cosmetic shop when men seated along the pevments started starring at her and shouting at her suggestively she ignored  provoking them .on her way back she was told &quot;you have nothing to be proud of&quot; The man was stalking her and caught her then started touching her A man was going to work very early in the morning when he met a group of wome seated by the roadside selling chapati and beans.  They started talking about him, what he had put on andmocking sexually.  The man blushed. the boys seated at the carwash made funny faces, whistled and commented as I passed by. Was going to pick up my little cousin from school when this man who was roasting maize catcalled and whistled at me.  I looked and he called me while smilling.  I did not confront him since I was in a hurry. Ignored and walked away. on my way to baba dogo clinic there are people who sit along the road hawking their items. They stare at people until you get even surprised and your legs can't walk quickly because they become week.  Then they laugh when you are not able to walk I was walking with my colleague when a man pulled me back and winked.  I was so mad at him that I just walked away angry. some men walking in a group saw me and then begun to touch their private parts.  I ignored them and hurriedly walked to pass them.  They loughed and one of them said &quot;stop pretending while you need this&quot; I was buying charcoal when some men passed and begun staring at me and ogled.  When I turned back they said I was pretty for a hot kiss. we were walking with a friend towards olympic stage from ayany, some men were working in a building, they stopped and begun to stare at some lady infront of us.  One man catcalled her loudly but she did not notice.  The man said again &quot; yes the one holding a child&quot;  when she turned to look the man said &quot;madam undafanya watu wasifanye kazi hapa&quot; meaning &quot; madam you are making people not to work here&quot; I was visiting friends and when I passed with them these men who were standing outside a certain movie den begun to staring at us  at we passed, they started catcalling and whisling.  My friends just laughed but I walked fast living my friends behind.  one man said my friends had keys to the house so i shouldn't go fast. another one said that i looked good in bed. the construction workers along the railway line, anytime a lady pass nearby they normally comment, catcal,whistle.  I have faced this several times I have been passing by a small shop where some boys I know have been making fun of me.  They flatter me a lot and I do not like it. One of them is always asking me for a kiss and a hug Was passing through some narrow path to get to a cyber café at the bus terminus.  A man was standing at the entrance putting on big headphones.  He was staring at me undtil I became uncomfortable.  When I excused myself to pass he ogled at me and said &quot;karibu mrembo&quot; meaning &quot;welcome beautiful&quot;. I was walking along  olympic road when I passed some boys who wer sitted by the door where they sell CD's, higher and ruturn after watching. The bys sat there lookig and commenting on girls that were passing.  I was among the girls who were commented at. some boys were lookiking at some girls who were passing by their barber shop.  Whne the girls looked down embarrased, the boys started catclling, whistling and commenting.  One of the boys harrassing the girls caught me looking at th incident then he winked at me and i just turned and walked on. I was walking along olympic road going to the house when a man among many other men stretched his hands across almost touching my breasts.  When I stopped he said &quot;beautiful I just want to say hallo and feel how soft you are&quot;  I moved backwards away from his reach and i walked ahead then he continued &quot; you are boasting over God's greetingsand you are not even beautiful&quot; was walking looking for a saloonist when some men who were seated at a pub behind the makina drive road at a path way started commenting and whistling, one of them held my hand and pulled me towards him asking me for my phone number and it I can go to his ouse.  i pulled of and sped off quickly. I was stopped by some people who claimed they are working with the satr time company to sell digital decorders.  They said they were on sale promotions and were ready to give me a a scratch card and took it to scratch on my behalf, then they said I had won 3 cell phones and a lap top and for me to get them i had to give them 5000/=.  i told them i did not have money.  they insisted that i should call someone to send to me in my phone account and i refused.  they were peaced off and begun commenting on how bad i was dressed touching my buttocks and saying he could change my wardrobe. I was entering a matatuand a man held me on the shoulders as if we were with him. When I removed his hands he clicked and winked at me A young girl was influenced by her friends who are school drop outsto be watching ponographic films I was passing by at a certain path at night and saw a man touching a woman's buttocks but the woman did not like it and started calling that man names When I was cycling in kawangware, unfamiliar woma whispered to me and kissed me in the air. I was going for evening fellowship we were going home from school and I saw a boy winking at my friend I was walking at makina heading to the salon when these men who were sitting outside a pub were staring at me and one winked at me a certain lady was walking by the roadside when a man on a bike was staring at her and said that she is sexy and looks good in bed street guys idling besides the streets, winking whistling and calling girls someone I know was winked at by a very creepy man. He made very nasty facial expressions and she was very disturbed on my way to home from school some boys teased me n passed comment on me I usually face the problem like teasing, commenting and singing song on the way to my home.one day while I was waiting my friend a middle aged man come near to me and wanted to talk with me but I ignore him it was too late to my home from my tutorial class and a group of boys were teasing, commenting and whistling to passing by girls and I was one of them  I feel very unsafe and scared with this two of my friends were walking on the street. they were teased by drunk men. suddenly, one of them caught my hand and said he liked me. Police men came and we complained about them. They blamed back to us. One of my friend was passing by the bus park area where a gang of hoodlums commented on her and teased her. They even humiliated her in front of others. it was afternoon time while i was going to visit my aunt on the way there were group of boys smoking and while i was passing through they started whistling and commenting by the colour of my bag and pant .it was scary and that was making me uncomfortable I witnessed a guy staring at girl. He even followed her. When me and my sister was going to home,some boys comment us. There was a man who used to sing a song, comment and even use rough words to me and other girls who used to pass by the street.
 He even used to stare at us. i am a boy.i usually get commenting , catcalls, facial expression and one day i was also followed by a man who looks wired which was very scary I know a girl who is studying in class 10. She was being stared by a boy. He was staring her as if he would eat her. a group of boys were commenting to me and my friend while going home from school. they started discussing with us when we react on their action. they were using bad words Stare,Whistles,start to sing,Commenting On the way to my school there is a allay where group of boys sit and comment, tease every girls who pass by the area.
    Once I was also teased in the same place by same group of boys. I shared it with my parents. when i was visiting white gumba with my friends three boys on the way commented on us i got random messages on facebook from unknown persons After Earthquake,some people of Terai settled in Nayabasti.People always look differently.I don't know,they were doing negatively or not but they sing a song and look for long time until girl passes from there. I was returning from my maternal uncle's house. I was all alone. Three boys were walking towards me. they were laughing at us and even commented me. We friends were talking to each other. There came a boy who commented us as sexy and even tried to touch us. One old lady scolded that boy and he threatened us telling us to wait and watch. one of the young boy who was approximately about 17 years staring at a young girl. She was feeling uncomfortable. I felt as if they both know each other. It was about to be night,i was walking alone in highway.One gang of bad boys started to tease me.To be honest i was in shorts.I was too scared so i didn't even get courage to look at their face so i ran but they started to follow me &amp; suddenly i entered in someone's house &amp; they thought that was my house so they returned back to their way. I was walking in a small, little dark area.There were some boys who were staring and doing catcalls.I was afraid. the boys in group started staring, hooting asking personal information and commenting about my body figure it was when i was returning home from school some boys on the street stare at me and started to commenting and whistling they also make wired facial expression which was scary while me and my sister were passing through the alley some boys were whistling, staring and commenting on my dress up and the way i walked. while walking around the road, boy called me by other names and whistled. one day when I was returning from school some group of boys teased me by dirty facial expression and even commented me. i was harassed by some boys as they showed very bad facial expression usually in public vehicle and on my way to college one day when I was returning from school, a group of boys teased me by showing facial expressions and commented on my dress. i was so scared while i was on my way to home as two boys commented and ogling me i usually get whistling and unnecessary facial expression while travelling in public vehicle from college  to home and vise versa when I was returning back to  home, a group of boys teased me, they followed me and I called my friends for help. when we were with group of girls, a group of boys teased us using slant language. I was walking on the street when one man commented me. a boy took my picture and was commenting me unnecessarily a boy showed facial expression which was uncomfortable for me. it was when i was walking on the way to my home from my college commenting,ogling which means non-verbal and verbal sexual harassment is a common  thing for every girl,and ignoring is only solution. remembering such kind of thing and mentioning are not possible but they are common its an incident of a sister i know.well it started when a boy started following her.first day, she didn't notice him but as days past, that boy become visible enough staring at her &amp; following till home.she didnt report it with anyone but one day while she was walking with one of her boy friend that guy also saw her and the same day he slapped her in the evening When I was at my maternal uncle's home, one of his friends tried to harass me by touching me unnecessarily and even by clicking my pictures. it was our farewell day from school and while returning a group of boys started commenting on us with very rough words it was embarassing group of boys commenting on me and even staring at me at the college canteen area . few guys at tea shop shows facial expression. during lunch break we go to that shop and guys working at bank and other company comes ther and sit and comment on us and shows dirty expression it was not happened to me but i saw one boy at the time of tihar who was ogling as well clapping to girl. he was in the roof of van who came to play deusi in a group. he was singing song also. i saw girl  very scared n serious. her condition was very poor once i was going for shopping with my friend at boudhha mall and there was a group of guys. i was unknown about those boys. one boy was just looking at me, starring at me and making me feel insecure and scared. later on he start showing some facial expression by blinking eyes n all.i was feeling helpless i was walking in road and one girl start blinking her eyes by looking at me. i feel uncomfortable but she was showing some facial expression which was very unusal for me. a girl was teased by a boy and he was showing some facial expression to the girl. Random fb sexual request, commenting and cat calls on the lane. A art and craft group started sending nude pictures of girls and started in line of prostitution. I was followed by a drunk man. i was touched inappropriately touched by the watchman. three boys whistled and shouted and made indecent gestures at me and 1 of my friend. I was in the train in gents compartment &amp; a guy had tried to touch me inappropraitely. In public transport, inappropriate touching &amp; grouping because of rush. Once while walking across the bridge , my friend was shoved and pushed and the stranger grabbed his hold on her chest. Roadside boys hooting and commenting Often at evening the nearby men and guys hangout in the shady area.. often cooment and stare While Climbing the train a man groped on unusal places. some boys in the shop stares and whistle at girls when i was going to home from school i saw some girls were teased by the boys and the girls were feeling so uncomfortable teasing on the public transportation a group of boys used to tease girls and take their pictures a girl was being harrassed by many boys. i neighter know that girl nor the harraser a girl was being harrassed by a group of man and she was not able to say anything a boy was trying to touch a girl and she couldnot do any thing some guys were commenting to me and i slapped one of them one man was staring at me during evening time on my way to home with my sister a boy near our home gives facial expression to me. while , i was in hotel . it was boudha. sidharth hallopposite. i was with my sisters and we went. there to enjoy or eat food. one old man started to  me . i looked himm but he was leaving to stare me. while i was travelling in street. the police were staring to the girls and the gossip about the nonsense about the girl some boys were trying to touch a girl and commenting bad words to her one day i was in public bus.i saw one boy ps torture a one girl. when i was going to my home that time a group of boy was bulling and taking picture of a girl. boys they girl and that time girls went to her home. i saw a many people bulling a girl in their own area /place of the certain community.male are very dangerous person for the female. i saw a people bullying a girl in my area. When I was going to college some guys stared, whistled at me, commented on me and followed me. When I was going to college, a boy in the bus stared at me continuously and tried to come close to me and touch me. When I was returning from college in bus stop one guy stared at me continuously. It scared me. My friend told me that one old man next to her in the bus who was staring for a quite long time to the girl opposite of them who was wearing shorts and he then touched her in the body in uncomfortable way. I saw a girl being harassed by a group of boys. They were staring at her dress then started whistling and teasing the girl as she passed by them. The girl ignored them but they followed her until she met her friend. When I was going to my college one man continuously stared at me. When I was walking to my home a truck passed slowly by my side then a guy inside the truck made weird face,, whistled and commented me &quot;aunt get off the way&quot; It was evening time I was returning to my home. A guy in the bus stared at me later when my side by seat got empty he moved to my sit then tried to touch my back. I was so alone in the bus that I couldn't do anything except ignoring. I was walking alone in the street and there was a gang of boys who started saying &quot;You're sexy and we know it&quot; ...I was wearing one-piece and they told it.. I was going to college in morning one of the guy stared me from top to bottom and commented &quot;hey sexy&quot;. I was on the bus, my mother was sitting opposite to me. Just then a man sat next to my mom and the man started staring and talked to me and he asked for my number, address. My mother then scolded him. Me and my friend were on bus where a guy started to sing a song and he was staring at us continuously. It made us quite uncomfortable then I pretended to speak with my uncle who is police. On my first day of work, there was introduction where one of my fellow co worker stared at me continuously as if he gonna rape me. It was embarrassing. When I was waiting for bus some boys stared for quite long time. It made me uncomfortable. I am nursing student there came a guy and tease me saying are you walking alone? How are you? The incident took place in my village where 16 year old girl was first verbally harassed by the boy and at last he raped her while the girl was out in the forest, collecting fodders. When I was traveling in bus the man of mid age tried to touch me and stared for quite a long time. its three months ago ......i was at ratna  park i was waiting for bus i was stnding n groups of guys came n straning at me constenly n try to smoke thre  so i chnge that place n went.......walk for a while when we walk they look at our butocks and say that &quot;tumetosha mboga&quot; when we walk they look at our butocks and say that &quot;tumetosha mboga&quot; when we walk they look at our butocks and say that &quot;tumetosha mboga&quot; there are some girls who were being winked at and started feeling they are loved I was heading home and I met a boy who winked at me and I abused him then he also abused me some boys were staring at girls who had their skirts zips open men wink at us when we pass throuh that route I was walking by the roadside when a man whistled and when I looked he showed me his tongue, I clicked at him and continued walking A man stepped on my feet and did not even say sorry but just smiled funnily at me but I assumed. men wink at us when we pass throuh that route When you pass at darajani the men call you and wink at you then they tell you you are enough for them. I was passing by and some men started talking about me and staring at me I was walking by the olympic road and some men were idling outside a movie shop they were staring at some girls passing and when I passed there they as well pstared at me. I was walking at kisumu ndogo and some men who usually idle besids the railway line were string at me and this made me uncomfortable I was walking towards olympic stage to take a bus and some men working in a welding shop strted talking in low tones and they all turned and looked at me. I was passing at the railway line with my friend and a man passed by us and stared at me eye to eye. While turning back he was still looking at me till I feared. I was walking from the stage and some men were standing on the road. Two girls passed by and they started looking at them and discussing them. A man stepped on my feet and did not even say sorry but just smiled funnily at me but I assumed. I was walking by the olympic road and some men were idling outside a movie shop they were staring at some girls passing and when I passed there they as well pstared at me. I was walking at kisumu ndogo and some men who usually idle besids the railway line were string at me and this made me uncomfortable I was walking towards olympic stage to take a bus and some men working in a welding shop strted talking in low tones and they all turned and looked at me. I was walking from the stage and some men were standing on the road. Two girls passed by and they started looking at them and discussing them. I was in a mall with my friend when i noticed a guy constantly staring both me and my friend MY MOTHER AND I WENT FOR SHOPPING. MY MOTHER WAS BUSY LOOKING AT THE DIFFERENT DRESSES WHEN I NOTICED A STRANGER WAS STARING AT HER AND FOLLOWING HER. I WENT TO MY MOTHER AND TOLD HER EVERY THING. THEN SHE TOLD ONE OF THE STAFF MEMBERS AND THE PERSON WAS THROWN OUT. I WAS STANDING AT THE CORNER OF THE ROAD. THE FLOWER SELLER WAS MAKING UNUSUAL EXPRESSIONS SO I FELT A BIT WEIRD SO I MOVED AWAY QUICKLY. AT THE STATION A PERSON WAS STARING AT ME AND AFTER SOME TIME CAME NEAR ME AND WHISTLED AND PASSED BY. THEN AGAIN TOOK THE PREVIOUS POSITION. WE WERE STANDING OUTSIDE THE COLLEGE. SOME BOYS WERE STANDING OPPOSITE TO US. THEY WERE TALKING AMONG THEMSELVES AND WHEN THEY SAW US THEY STARTED STARING AT US. i was going to the mother dairy with my friend. she was being harassed by a guy for many days, he would pass comments at her. that day and the next 1-2 days we ignored him but after that he came and grabbed her hand. my friend and i shouted at him but he kept saying objectionable things to my friend. we both had learned self defense in college so we used it against him and it worked. we also shared this incident with our parents when i was going to the toilet complex, i noticed a guy staring at me, when i looked at him, he started making indecent gestures. after using the toilet, i went to the market with my mother, i noticed the same guy there. he went away when he saw my mother is around i was followed by a man on my way home from the market this report is of my friend's. she was being harassed by the cleaner in her school. he would stare at her inappropriately and make advances in the afternoon we were going back home from school, we noticed few boys were indecently exposing themselves and staring at a girl a guy followed me to the toilet complex and kept staring at me. sometimes it feels that they think we are available just because we are using a public toilet i was on the bus with my sister when we noticed a guy constantly staring at us and making indecent gestures i was going with my friend and a boy on the bus kept staring at our breasts. i was going to the toilet complex and i was stared at by men standing there as if they'll strip me with their eyes. this is not the first time it happened, it happens almost always and i dread this time of the day the most i was getting back from the market and at the street corner i noticed 4-5 boys standing and commenting on a girl passing by. the girl just ignored them and walked past i had gone to the sunday market in tees hazari. a guy was following me in the market and looking at me inappropriately. he made indecent gestures. i kept ignoring him and was also reluctant to tell my mom about it. this guy kept on with his act, finally i lost my cool and i went to him and shouted at him for making me so uncomfortable. he started lying to me that he did not do it, people around gathered and started hitting him this happened to me on the street where i live. i am just 14 and a man much older to me kept staring at me in a very disgusting way i was going to my friend's place. i noticed a guy standing close by staring at me very inappropriately. he was making indecent gestures this happened to me a year back when i was going to the center. a guy would follow me and that scared me. i always ignored him. then one day i received a call from him, i had no idea how he received my number. he would send me messages and insist that i be with him. one day i mustered the courage and i called him and told him to stop troubling me, i even abused him, and threatened that i'll inform the police i used to drop my brother at a tuition center in block-a. this guy who might have been following me because i saw him several times just staring at me and walking along. he approached me and asked me to be friends with him saying he liked me a lot. i told him to not trouble me but he kept persisting. i was so scared that i changed my brother's center but it did not end here, he started appearing on the street where i live. i was going for my tuition in the afternoon near sanjay camp when i was commented at. i noticed him first staring at me but i had ignored then whenever i go to the toilet, the guys standing there pass obscene comments and make it so difficult for me to use the toilet. they do this all the time my friend is always harassed by the same guy near the toilet complex in sanjay camp. no one around her helps and she is scared my friend had come to visit me at my house. the boys near my house looked at her very indecently and passed comments about her among themselves my friend was being troubled by a guy who kept misbehaving in a sexual way making her very uncomfortable. this happened in sanjay camp gali no. 1 this incident happened to a friend of mine. she met a man near her street where she lives. he would keep looking at her. she kept ignoring him. he tried talking to her and becoming friendly. he insisted that they talk on the phone and she shared her phone number. he started sending her obscene sexual messages. i called up that guy and shouted at him, he has now stopped bothering my friend was waiting for a friend.this stranger clicked pictures of me. cat call everytime women pass.Accelerate the bike and scream. I was walking in the road.A man was suspiciously always around me.Till I crossed the road.He then came closer and before he could say or do anything I screamed.He disappeared. Two men on the bike came extremely close and I was blocked between the bike and them.Couldn't move.They laughed and zoomed off. We were heading to bandra and waiting for the train.This man with a blcak shirt stared right at us for quite some time and shamelessly clicked pictures of us. I was crossing the roads,it was raining quite  heavily .A man leered at me for a long time and passed some lewd comment under gis breath. being stared at my the bus driver at night a man was clicking pictures of my friends and i and followed us till bandra ogled at on the metro ogled at in the market by vegetable vendor stared at by group of boys outside metro station, they were commenting on my clothes I was followed by a group of 3 men from my office to the metro station, they went off after that I was stared at on the bus I was ogled at on the metro a man kept staring at my breasts on the bus stop a guy kept singing horrible hindi songs that suggested he wanted sexual favors from me, I wanted to give him a tight slap but I was scared what if other men are with him I was flashed at by a man on the bike, he was so gross a man kept staring at me at the bus station, I took an auto and left from there stared at by shopkeeeper, he kept looking at my breasts I was stared at near the metro station I was at the metro station waiting for an auto, a riksha guy kept staring at me and making weird faces a man was holding his private parts and making indecent gestures at me I was ogled at by a man for 15 minutes straught, I did not know how to get him to stop I was ogled by a group of 4-5 men at the bus stop I WANTED TO BUY CHIPS FROM KMD SO WE WENT TO KMD. WE ALWAYS SEE A GROUP OF BOYS STANDING THERE. THEY STARE AT OUR COLLEGE GIRLS. THEY STAND AT THE PAN SHOP. I WAS STANDING AT THE BUS STOP WAITING FOR A BUS. A BOY WAS STANDING NEAR ME. A FEW SECONDS LATER HE STARTED STARING AT ME AND THEN STARTED COMMENTING. IN THE MEANWHILE A FEW SECONDS LATER, MY BUS ARRIVED AND I WENT INTO THE BUS. I was walking to work as i was passing by the barber's shop next to our home and the boys working there called each other and stood outside staring at me. It was so uncomfortable. They were even making faces I have been, abused harassed and robbed of valuables by my Call Centre Driver. No action was taken against them as they have a strong lobby with local political support. In the bus from Panjim to Ponda one man started following me and came into the bus. Bus was crowded. In sometime I got a seat. He came and stood next to me and started touching his private parts to me. He opened his chain of his pants and started using indecent words In the market buses one guy was nudging and passing comments making me feel very uncomfortable. The buses are very overpacked andcrowded While travelling by the bus from Panjim to Miramar, one boy was willingly falling on my friend again and again It happened on the elphinstone station bridge Its happens with students all the time. They are looked at in a dirty manner. a newspaper seller keeps on staring everytime i pass by on the street of pedder road near bank of india. i just ignore it. once i was in grant road station where i was intentionally groped by the elbow by a man who kept oggling till i took the local train. A man was staring and smiling at me near my house and he tried to cross my path/come very close to me as I was passing by on my way to work. Walking on the street will elicit unwanted attention, in the form of sexual objectification through commentary and ogling. I was harassed publicly in Lokhandwala during the afternoon on a quite part of the road. Noone said a word and when I tried to confront the two boys on a bike they just rode off whistling. i started noticing a man at the jasola metro station ogling at me for a couple of days. I knew which station he would usually get off at but after a few days, he made extra efforts to follow me on my route. I complained to the metro officials. Ex-boyfriend calls and blackmails girl While jogging in my neighborhood I have been catcalled, stalked by car and on foot, had men scream at me for ignoring their whistles and comments and openly ogled.  Once while this was happening, I saw and tried to flag down a police car to help me, but though they saw me, they just drove off. a riksha puller near the sarita vihar metro station passed obscene comments on my clothes. before i could understand what just happened, he was gone. i was shocked at how casually he made me so uncomfortable and then easily got away. people around just kept staring. two men in the parking lot kept staring at me when i was going towards my car. they kept ogling me and it made me really uncomfortable, i glared back but they just giggled. I was crossing the road and a bunch of rowdy riders deliberately swerved and came right at me to scare me and then make cat calls and rushed off i was going to school in the morning, a riksha puller started following me slowly, when i looked at him, he leered at me, i ran all the way to my school and i could hear him laughing few boys got to know where i was living and they would pass comments and follow me. i informed my landlord about them and he confronted them. i have not seen them around ever since i was going back home from school through dda park. boys sitting there started laughing at me and passing comments and even made sexual invites a man was leering at me when i was getting back from my tutions. it was late and dark but i can never forget his dirty stares. i went to a shop at balaji chowk in the evening. the shopkeeper was staring at my breasts and then he passed dirty comments. near my coaching center, few boys gang up and pass comments on me in the evenings when i go for my classes. my center is on 40 foota road, near kali mata mandir. an old uncle keeps staring at me and makes suggestive facial expressions. i am so young, he should be ashamed of himself. this happens near 40 foota road, kali mata mandir, phase 3 this happened at balaji chowk in the afternoon. a man kept winking at me and it made me very uncomfortable. this happened to my friend. she was getting back from the shop when few men approached her and started misbehaving with her, they commented on her and asked for sexual favors. this happened in rajhans vihar in the afternoon i was buying vegetables in shukra bazaar when two men started whistling and commenting on my breasts. this happened late in the evening. a man holding a blade was making sexually suggestive gestures towards me. this happened in maharani enclave, deep vihar, in the afternoon. i was getting back home from the sunday market when i saw a girl being harassed by few men. they were whistling and passing lewd comments. i approached the girl and told her to speak up. she said its an everyday affair and one should learn to ignore, especially women. i had gone to fetch water, a man approached me and asked for water. when i was giving it to him, he scanned me from top to toe and his stare made me extremely uncomfortable. this happened near the wednesday market a man kept staring at me and made weird facial expressions while i was buying vegetables at the wednesday market. a man near my house would keep staring at me. he then started following me to my school. one day he came really close and started whispering sexually suggestive things and even tried touching me inappropriately. i did not go to school for a few days and i was very scared to inform my mother also about it. this happens near hanuman mandir in vikas nagar. this incident happened at the wednesday market. a man was constantly staring at me and following me around. when i told a vendor nearby about it, he confronted the man who then went away. this happened in the evening. whenever i go on my terrace, i spot this guy just staring at me. he continues to do so even when i go with my friends. we don't like it at all. my house is in sainik enclave where this happens. a man near my house keeps staring at me whenever i step outside. he passes comments at me and places lewd songs. he told me he wants to marry me. when i confided in my mom about me, she got really angry and started beating me up. she did not talk to me for days after that. a girl is always blamed even when she is right. my house is in b-block, near wednesday market where this happens. i had gone to my friend's place in the afternoon. we were sitting outside her house and talking when we saw a man who was constantly staring in our direction. we told an uncle nearby about it but he ignored us, then we told an aunty about us who came and helped us. she confronted the man, he first denied doing it but then later apologized and left a man kept staring at me at the uttam nagar east metro station an old man kept passing dirty stares to my sister when she went to the market in the afternoon. she did not say anything to him but she told me about it. On 2013, Ganpati Mirvanuk were going on. It was during heavy rains.Due to rains peoples of the 'Dhol process' were drenched. There were some girls also. At this moment, peoples watched the drenched girls with wrong intention. Peoples took the photograph also. The head of the Dhol process stop the process and asked the girls to cover themselves with duppatta. When i was returning from my college one old guy whistles at me near a poolchowk and did a facial expression which was very unusal. as i was going home,i was alone without friends and while travelling towards Gwarko some people in the bus whistled at me and gave me facial expression. as i was going home,i was alone without friends and while travelling towards Gwarko some people in the bus whistled at me and gave me facial expression. I was literally less than a block from my house just now (7pm), walking slightly slower than normal which attracted a couple looks, and this young guy just came up from behind (didnt see him coming) and slapped/grabbed my butt and then sprinted away in the opposite direction. It was jarring, especially cuz its 7pm , close to my house, and no one blinked an eye (mainly lower income men close to me at the time)...shiver Three years back when my friend and I were travelling in a BEST bus from Dadar station, a man came and sat in front of my friend. At frist, he was staring at her for the longest time and then exposed his private parts to her. 

Discomforted, my friend got up and went elsewhere to stand. few goons Comments &amp; whistling on my friend and also threatens us when we protested A drunken person very harsh comments on me and my friends .

he also comments bad words Eve teasing in a bus from gnr to ahm. Everyday while I stand in my balcony,people stare in such a way that it causes discomfort. this incident occurred when my aunt was in rajasthan holidaying with family..when a guy would continue staring at her while she was shopping..it freaked her out a little. I was returning from college and this guy was continuously staring at me, commneting and touching me vulgar expression and commenting done when returning from coaching a guy was rubbing up against me in a bus and was oogling Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Staring- in a bus on 27th March, 2015 (day time/evening)
Catcalls- at my village (day time) Age: 15 years
Type of harassment:
Staring- at Leh market in February 2015 (day time)
Stalking- at Leh market in February 2015 (day time)
Catcalls- in Leh  in 2016 (day time/evening)
Others- “will you give me phone number of yours please?” (day time) Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Staring/Ogling- in a bus in 2015 (day time/evening) Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Facial expressions- at Leh market in 2015 (day time)
Taking pictures- at Leh market in 2015 (evening)
Catcalls- at school in Leh in 2016 (day time) Age: 15 years
Type of harassment:
Staring/Ogling- at Leh market in 2015 (day time) i was just travelling in dtc bus no 253 as i used to travel everyday some boys board the bus from brj puri bus stop so one of them  starting staring at me and he was continously staring me which was very irritating for me so i got irritated and i decided that i will also start staring so as soon as i started staring by giving tough looks at him he became conscious and he got down from the bus. While walking on the road, a man commented about the movement of a girl's body parts in too indecent a language to quote here. I was sitting in the waiting hall waiting for my train to arrive when a boy sitting opposite to me gave certain vulgar expressions. Following on bandstand, making awkward hand gestures.Forcefully trying to strike a conversation. When coming back from college, some boys followed me from the road In the ground near Indira Nagar, there was commenting, whistling and ogling In my college (Samarth College), I was stared at Yes,near the ground- ogling, stalking and  whistling a friend of mine was harassed in the bus a friend of mine was abused asa child 2 guys were passing by in the train and were staring and passing comments on me. i was travelling by the best bus and got a seat right behind the driver. the driver kept turning and looking although i was all covered and wearing a scarf too. so i just got up when my stop came, gave him some bad words and left. A guy followed me throughout from the station to almost the cross road where all the showrooms start coming on the way. one day when we were walking in river bank. one dirty looking man followed us, showed us his private parts. it was on our holiday so me and my friend went to visit pashupatinath temple some strangers flirt anh tried to catch my hand it was too frightening i live far from my school.while coming to school some boys teased me which made me uncomfortable and depressed one boy next to my home always stares me when we were in college, boy of next faculty used to follow my friend unnecessarily &amp; give nonesense comment and make her mentally disturbed so she shared this incident with me and we complained this matter to our coordinator mam. after that we had not seen that person some group of guy whistle, ogling , commenting and taking my photograph without muy concent some boys on the way to my home make wired facial expression, whistling and stared at me one of my sister was teased by a group of boys i was travelling in a bus.a group of boys came near to me and tried to touch my private parts.i suddenly told about their intention to other people travelling in the same bus then they help me out while crossing road, boys on motorbike shows ugly facial expression. at times they give flying kiss at times they wink. its really disturbing. when i was walking through the street a girl clapped her hand to get my attention and blinked her one eye One of my girl friend was traveling alone in the bus where an old man made weird facial expression giving sexual invite as well as touched her. She was so uncomfortable and scared. This incident happened in front of my house. There were group of boys who tease the girl, cat called her as well as took her picture. The girl was not able to do anything. I was traveling in the bus, there one man continuously stared me. His staring was very weird so I told my friend next to me and she scolded him. When I was passing through Ratnapark for my father's office. One guy was staring me and his facial expression was disgusting. I looked at him angrily and then he went away. My friend was traveling in tempo from Mitrapark. There one man also got into the bus. The man at first just looked at her when the driver was busy he showed her his penis. She got so scared that she drop off the tempo before the destination. I was at NAhargargh Fort in Jaipur where a guy was winking at me and smiling for no reason which made me feel awkward. IN THE TITAN SHOWROOM, I WAS LOOKING AT THE WATCH COLLECTION. SOON I NOTICED THAT 3-4 STAFF MEMBERS WERE STARING AT ME. I ALSO STARTED STARING AT THEM. AFTER SOME TIME, THEY STOPPED STARING AT ME AND WENT SOME WHERE ELSE. WHEN I WAS STANDING AT THE BUS STOP, A STRANGER CAME AND COMMENTED ON MY DRESSING SENSE. AFTER THAT HE WENT AHEAD STOPPED AND STARTED STARING AT ME IN A BAD WAY. I WENT AWAY A LITTLE AND TRIED TO HIDE MYSELF. I WAS GOING TO A SHOP TO BUY SOME STUFF. ON MY WAY A GUY STARTED FOLLOWING ME. I TRIED TO STOP HIM BUT HE FOLLOWED. THEN HE CAME FORWARD AND TOOK ONE PICTURE OF MINE. i was coming back after visiting a friends place near dana paani beech few boys started whistling singing songs which made me highly uncomfortable Many people around stare whistles hoots directly looking towards girls irrespective of the appearance or dress style. In crowded buses also indecent way of behavior and touching. I WAS STANDING THERE WITH MY FRIENDS AND WE WERE EATING ICE CREAM. A GROUP OF BOYS CAME AND PASSED BY US. THEY WENT A LITTLE FAR AND STOPPED. THEN ALL OF THEM STARTED STARING AT US. AFTER A FEW MINUTES WE ALL LEFT THE PLACE. I WAS WITH MY FRIENDS AND WE WERE EATING ICE-CREAM THERE. A GROUP OF BOYS PASSED US AND WENT A LITTLE FAR AND STARTED STARING AT US. AFTER A FEW MINUTES WE LEFT THE PLACE. Early morning I was waiting at Althino bus stand to catch a bus to Panjim bus stand. One man started commenting on my body using indecent words. He stood next to me and started playing porn videos on his mobile and commenting on it. My friend and I were walking down the road when two guys on a bike slowed down next to us, grabbed my friend's breasts and sped off. We did not even get the time to react or complain. It was a crowded space and yet they dared to do it. facial expression when i was travelling back home by bus from college, there was a man that took the seat next to me. at first i didnt realize that anything was wrong but then he started sticking to me and even put his hand on my thigh. that was when i got up and took another seat. i was on my way to college travelling in a bus in pune. a man was making facial expressions towards me and tried holding my hand.i was confused and i walked away as the next stop was mine. Once a guy caught hold of my hand while i was walking in the evening. i have also encountered a lot of comments and catcalls two men catcalled at a few of my friends. we ignored them and walked ahead but they followed us to a certain distance before going away. One evening when I was passing in a car I saw a young man standing with a girl .I came out of the car and discovered a young girl lying there helpless.It was reported to the police by passers by and someone even snapped a photo of her which showed her nakedness. When I was 10 years old a man of about 30 years invited me to a store and bought me bon-bon .He took me to a near by bush and asked me to undress.I started crying and he forced his penis into my vagina.It was so painful.I did not tell any body . One day when I was about to take a taxi at mile 14 Buea, a boy dragged my hand ,when I tried to cease my self he did not allow me because he has been trying to date me to no avail.When I was too stiff, he gave me a slap on my cheek.I reported to the quarter head. A neigbbour's daughter of 3 years was raped by a 40 years old man 2 years ago.The little girl's vagina was destroyed The man was arrested by the police and jailed.Before I left Bamenda,the matter was still in court. A man came to our neigbours house late in the night and was knocking at the window of the room where the girl children were sleeping.The matter almost cost the man's life because the father thought it was a thief but the man shouted that he was looking for one of the girl children in that house. A young lady of about 16 years was beaten by a young boy .When neighbours came to the scene,he told them that the girl had drank in his off licence(bar) several times and promise to have sex with him which never took place. Once in the year 2010,a young girl of about 12 years was was raped in Kumba by an old man of 60 years .The parents of the girl took the matter to the police  since I was not a perminet resident in Kosala I don't know how the case ended. We were in the house at about 10:50 pm and a man just walked into the house with a knife and closed the door.I was at home with my friend who was pregnant and her little sister.This boy sexually harassed us.He had a knife and made us to understand that other of his friends were outside. It was in the streets one Sunday evening.I was being followed but luckily I shouted and he ran away. On the 25th of December I went out around 9:00 pm with my friends to chill and on our way out he stopped me and told me what guys always tell girls when they see them that is love stuff while they just pretend to love.When he told me this, I refused and he starting asking me who i think i am to refuse his proposal.I felt so harassed. She was simply invited by her boyfriend and when she got to his house.The boy gave her food and drugged her with excess alcohol and they had sex but the harassment theme is that naked pictures of her were taken. It was on Saturday morning when a lady wrongly accused me of going out or dating her husband due to the fact that the man used to carry me in his car when I am going to school.However the man's intention is to date me but I refused. It was a fateful evening when I went to visit a friend of mine and we began discussing together .After that he began going to another level of discussion in which he started telling me how he has always wanted me to be more than a friend to him.I began asking what he meant .He replied that he wanted me to be his girl friend and immediately he wanted sex at that moment and i was refusing while he was insisting .Thanks to God , a friend of his came to his house and i was saved from that A 16 year old girl was taken out of her room by a man who threatened her with a knife .She was taken to an isolated area late that night and was raped by that same man repeatedly. By God's grace she found her way home to the quarter before passing out Sexual harassment.It all happened to a friend of mine when she was still in secondary school.During christmas break a gang of thieves break into their house,in the process she was raped .Through this act she was disvirgined.She was truamatised and hated men until she had to take some rehab lessons sexual harassment.My cousin made advances at me and tried to touch me on my breast and private.When I resisted and threatened to shout he witdrew In the house ,outside when I was washing the dishes. This guy after making unpleasant sounds to call for my attention,finally walked up to me and said he wants to &quot;Fuck&quot; and will like to do that only with me.He couldn't do anything because it was during the day and people were at home It happened when I went with my friend to visit her boyfriend.While there, he was with one of his friends and all of us went outing.My friend's boyfriend started making advances at me but when I refused he sexually harassed me on that night.Thanks to his friend who intervened like i would have been raped. It happened in the night when my friend was coming back from a drinking spot.A boy was persuading her that they should sit down and discuss before they go home.As the girl refused to seat and discuss ,the boy started harassing her I was wearing a gown which printed my shape and was very fitting.When I went to the park to pay for my travel ticket, a guy started commenting on my figure and was making facial expression to the extent of touching me. A divorced man who lived beside us had custody of his two daughters .He will wait until when they are 1 year 3 months and then he will rape them. I visited a guy just for him to shut the door and... I succeeded to escape. My friend was coming back from the market one afternoon.On her way back home,she took a taxi while in the taxi a man was sitting behind.Immediately she enetered ,the man greeted her and he suddenly starting making facial expression and rubbing her hands. I am always sexually abused.The bad one happened when I was in level 200.A boy who was interested in me almost raped me in my own house but I was saved because of the help of my neighbours who came to my aid. It was about 6:00pm when my friend was going to the road side to but some items.When she was returning a young man called for her and asked her if she knows where a particular place he was asking for was found.My friend said yes.On their way to the place, he hit my friend on her back and that was all. It happened on the 19th of Feb when I went to visit my friend.On my way back around 9 pm I met these group of boys who were smoking.I was waiting for a taxi.The place was quiet and most of the people had gone to bed.One of them walked to me and started speaking through his nose.He shut my mouth and they carried me to an uncompleted building.They removed my clothes and started raping me turn after turn. I was once harassed when I was 15 in my former school.This happened in the evening when I went to read in school.One boy who had been trying to date me who was 25 years , he had muscles like an elephant .To cut the long story short when the boy tried to rape me he was too big and this made me to urinate and sweat.He pushed on my body until i bled. A friend of mine was raped by her boyfriend's best friend just because she went to him for advice as she had problems with her boyfriend.The incident occurred in his room where she fought with him for hours until she could fight no more. She was selling meat ,what they call &quot;pot&quot; so they asked her to put down her pot in order for them to buy.Before she knew it, she was  kicked and slapped on her face and also well raped by two body build men.She said their look never portrayed they could do such a thing.So after that ,they collected her purse which consisted of money and her phone.She was badly hurt.Her face was swollen. It happened when my friend was coming back from school and a certain boy approached her and said &quot;baby how are you?&quot; she said fine.A minute later the boy started touching her. I was moving on the street one day and a strange man touched my buttocks.At times men throw advances at me and making busy noises and call names,At times suspicious look Continuous rape. Two uncles continously raped their niece in the absence of the child's parents. Sexual harassment.The first sexual harassment was from my teacher in my former school .One day he called for me in his office and asked me for my name and address and I told him.At first he was very friendly with me but it didn't last for long .During break he called for me in his office and said I can make you be succesful,to always take first and always have good grades but on one condition that i sleep with him.I refused .So he said he will deal with me.That others have done same and now they are in regret and others slept with him and are enjoying.Few days later,he gave his first test and i had a zero.That day i was in pain and never knew what to do.I went and exposed the problem to my friend.To my greatest surprise,she said i was not the first ,that all the girls in school do sleep with teachers to have good grades .I was so confused and decided to change my school.The second harassment was from my uncle;he wasn't that related to us.During holidays he came and visited us .Since the house was so tight i was forced to sleep with him in thesame room.That day he forced me to take some alcohol but thank God i don't drink alcohol.So i went out and threw it. At night when everyone was asleep,he started touching me and raoming his hands all over me. I shouted and everyone came out A girl was raped in Mile 14 Dibanda and got pregnant.After it was realised that the man was involved in a cult Harassed in streets by boys,harassed in school by my teacher, harassed at home by the people I live with. I did not bring my report card so to the house so my mother told my teacher and I went up to collect the report card but it is not with her.I begged the teacher but he refused.I still asked the class master and he even refused to let me attend classes.Since then i have not been attending classes again and it is waying me down from studying . catcalls and sexual invites. Guys usually whistle at me when I am going to the market to read and even in my free time( that is when I am just strolling around). There is a man who is older than my father who when ever he sees me he talks about sex . A woman was harassed in Mutengene by thieves( dealers) and money was taken from her Harassed in the street.One day I and my friends went out for a stroll in Mutengene.As excited as we were, we greeted a friend from shool who was fund of fighting .This friend told his gang that we were laoded with money and they attacked us in the streets with knives.This happened in the night .These guys collected all the money we had with us and went away with it. A friend of my brother visited us in the house but I was the only one at home so he sat down as usual .He started talking to me,next he started touching me .When I tried to resist him he started petting me .Luckily for me my younger brother came in and then he left . One afternoon, my teacher got into class and started insulting me calling me all sort of names ;a thief,lair and that I stole a book that belonged to the school. This was done infront of all my classmates but I was not the one .It was another student in the the art department. I was really emabarassed. A friend and I were walking in the streets on our way from school.A guy catcalled her but she did not respond .The guy walked up to us and began insulting her .He called her pretender and said she is ugly and does not meet the level of the type of girl he would date.He almost beat her up if not of not of intervention from people in the streets This is common in Mutengene.One evening around 5pm when I decided to take a walk.I met some guys who stopped me .They were three of them surrounding me with 3 knives.They ordered me to give my phone money and watch .When I refused they threatened to stab me .They all went along with my money, phone and watch. I was being harassed by  a girl who asked me to date her and I refused.She reported me to my friends and even my brother that I underlook her.It happened twice last year and last two years that is 2013 and 2014 Abuse that has once happened to me.I was abused by my friend on school campus .We sat together discussing one or two things .As we were discussing I said something to her which made her become very angry and she had to live quickly which made me feel bad. I was harassed  in Mutengene.I t happened several times but the one that ached me was oned day I was very busy and a boy kept disturbing and boring me asking me out.Not only on a friendly date but on a sexual date.I was so pissed of,even the issue of giving me names and saying i have a Childish attitude. Sexual abuse to achild of four years. The man of about 40 + called for the child .When they arrived infront of the abandoned house ,he took her inside and harassed her. A customer touching my body ,rolling his fingers on my palms and looking at me in the eyes .On rejecting him ,he touched my breasts and even refused to buy because I have not complied. When I was moving along the street, a boy started assulting me through facial expression at the beginning but when he got no reply from me,he started using a verbal means but whe he still did not get any reply, he stared commenting that &quot; ohh! A beautiful girl like this is dumb and deaf&quot; WaS heading home when a group of guys started harassing me.It was at the bus station.They were holding and calling me names like &quot;my size&quot; &quot;baby&quot;,all these against my will.I warned them to leave me alone and walked away.The next thing they did was a blow of insults hurled at me.I could do nothing and just walked away. It was a Sunday night after our end of year party. We were three of us returning from the night club when all of a sudden we heard some guys making funny sounds behind us to call us.This continued and resulted in one of us being raped and the other molested street harassment-a month ago when I was coming back to buea at the bus station a guy suddenly snacthed my travelling box from me and when I asked him to return my box he started insulting me but for me I did not stop as I gave him what he wanted,insult him also. The girl was going back home and she meet some boys who were stalking her .When she tried to run they followed her,took her into the bush and raped her. She was walking in the streets at night and all of a sudden a group of boys just came in front of her and were struggling to harass her but help came and so she was saved for the main time It happened in my quater .By one boy in my quater about some two months back in dirty south .Well the girl was beautiful when she was passing many boys were lusting after her . Then one boy tried to approach her and when she snobbed the boys, they threatened her. men gang up and stare at women passing by, the tea stall guy also does not discourage them. we have started using a different route, which is longer but safer. 2 men stand near the tea stall right next to my house and keep staring at me whenever i am washing utensils at the tap outside. men gang up and stare all day, in the evenings they pass comments and make it difficult for us to use the block- e main road which leads to our homes. One in 10 auto guys try this. They have a extra rear view mirror above their head and so strategically placed to view the passengers torso. And if a lady is traveling, then they on purpose go very fast over every speed breaker, and glance through the mirror. Sick sick sick. Lot of crowd in the space outside the ticket counter - toward Thane end of the Mulund West plaform. Usually these are male youth. They don't part ways to let you through. Deliberately brush past you when you try to make your way through. A woman revolted against a man taking the advantage of the morning rush hour to grope her. Guys commenting and stalking It was weird and awkward when all of them made all these comments. I was followed and stared at when crossing the road to go to the nearby market. This was opp Ananda apartments. I was just passing by the markets and there was a group of guys who were giving me absorb looks since I was wearing shorts. A lot of harassment takes place near this area. Girls are harassed and people roam around with knives. I was stared at and whistled at when I was wearing shorts in Kalkaji Group of guys chasing me and ogling Harassment on the metro feeder bus A teenaged girl was going towards the metro station. Suddenly a car came near her. The boys sitting in the car, opened the window and gazed towards her in a very awkward manner. Then said &quot;let's go now.&quot; Commenting and whistling I have come across fools and vagabonds at almost every place in delhi during my college life. They pass indecent comments and whistle in an indecent manner or show vulgar gestures which does make the other person (girls) embarrassed and conscious. Harassment Harassment Harassment Harassment at Rajiv chowk metro station Guys constantly stalking and staring at women and passing obscene comments at CCD Connaught Place Eve teasing I was standing outside my gym alone. My driver had to pick me up and due to some unavoidable circumstance he got late. By the time I was continuously chased by the group of boys who stared at me till the time my driver came. There are many incidents but to be specific in the Rajiv Chowk metro station while I was waiting for my train. Some people called out names and tried to grope me. Touching and ogling at Anand Vihar ISBT I was going to Shahdara metro station. On my way a man started whistling and passed cheap comments. In metros people touch and pretend as if nothing happened. Staring and commenting Staring and irrelevant unbearable unnecessary comments. Constant commenting and staring A group of boys were commenting and whistling while i was performing a street play on campus. A man was constantly staring and giving cheap expressions on the train from Goa to Delhi I was travelling by train from Delhi to Bhopal. One guy was sitting on the upper berth and gave me indecent looks, was whistling and making faces. My sister and her friend were stalked by three guys. they continuously followed them almost about 15-20 minutes. I was waiting at the Inderlok metro station at the exit gate. A group of four boys passed cheap comments and followed me. On seeing a policeman they turned around and ran away. When my sister goes to college a group of people stare at her and pass bad comments. They even try to touch her by crossing her whenever possible. I was standing with my two friends in my society. After a while I noticed there was a boy continuously staring at us. Then suddenly I noticed he was not wearing pants. All of us ran away from there. I was travelling in metro heading to my college. A guy who was standing next to me tried to come closer to me and even gave some indecent looks. I was crossing the road with a friend and a group of bikers commented and whistled. My friend had a teacher in her school - a primary teacher who used to behave awkwardly and if a student used to complain he used to beat the student without any reason. I was playing tennis and my coach was continuously staring at me. Taking pictures on delhi metro A friend of mine got followed almost everyday by guys and called out a few times which increased day by day by the same two guys until intervention was done. A girl living in my colony being stalked by 3-4 guys almost everyday. My colony has a significant population of IAS officers, IPS officers, Jurists, etc. Ogling in metros and buses. Following and stalking till home and stalking on phone. Commenting, catcall, whistles,touching Commenting, catcall, whistles,touching Commenting, catcall, whistles,touching,clicking pictures Ogling, facial expressions, commenting Ogling, facial expressions, commenting Commenting, catcall, whistles,touching A group of guys were trying to click pictures with unwelcoming comments and were asking for sexual favors from two girls a man came and pulled my tee shirt and ran awau Commenting, catcall, whistles,touching Commenting, catcall, whistles Stalking, eve teasing, touching,groping Commenting, catcall, whistles,ogling, facial expressions Commenting, catcall, whistles,touching Ogling, facial expressions, commenting - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Catcalls, whistles While coming back from college a group of boys started commenting and making vulgar expressions Commenting, touching, groping.taking pictures, sexual invites ogling and catcalling ogling and commenting ogling and commenting commenting and ogling commenting and ogling commenting and ogling a guy followed me to my way back home and kept staring continously ogling and weird facial expressions by a man in the car stopping by while i was walking on the road ogling and touching and groping a group of guys stalking in a wagonr with tinted glasses commenting and ogling - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - everytime i visit the market, one man or the other eyes me like an object - - - - - - - - - - it's a really unsafe area for women - people stare at you all the time and one can never wear 'revealing'clothes - - - - men sing vulgar songs and stare at me - - - - - - commenting and ogling ogling and commenting ogling and catcalling catcalling and ogling ogling and commenting ogling and commenting ogling and commenting drunk rickshaw pullers commenting and ogling commenting and staring staring and commenting ogling and weird facial expressions a very unsafe area near the metro station, commenting .. .. Ogling and commenting near the post office area in sector 10 .. stalking... chain snatching
eve teasing women being groped and harassed in public commenting stalking.. no street lighting , commenting indecent songs, while deboarding the metro i  realised that a man had taken some snaps of me and my friend , and was making indecent expressions ogling , and taking pictures stalking... drunk men in the car followed me around on the road stalking.. stalking... stalking.. touching groping... sexual invites no street lighting we went to  McD  sector 14 , many people in the vicinity were drunk and started staring and teasing for quite some time some guys on a bike whistled past her and ogled her catcalls vulgar facial expression sexual invites , stalking comments friend of mine while travelling in a metro was stalked by some boys a few friends and i were openly stared at in the metro and comments were being passed simply because we were wearing dresses few boys crossing the metro station in their wagon R , went by whistling and passing comments some people followed me and made vulgar comments stalking , poor lighting commenting stalking commenting sexual invites stalking stalking , sexual invites stalking and secual invites a guy followed me , i had to leave my bag and run away , had to call my friend to pick me up sexual invites commenting a group of guys were following us on scooty commenting whistling , commenting no street lighting comenting guys commenting and trying to assault government school girls touching , groping noys commenting on girls passing by near the metro station touching , groping in the market commenting , ogling ogling stalking touching and groping due to poor street lighting ogling stalking and commenting 4 guys stopped the rickshaw i was traveling in and tried to touch me at inappropriate places poor street lighting , stalking ogling very common north east report drunk men driving rashly and tried to grop ogling drunk rikshaw puller commenting poor street lighting guys taking pictures of girls ogling , whistling stalking , touching commenting , indecent facial expressions poor street lighting poor street lighting whistling , and catcalling ogling guys making indecent facial expressins some guys commenting and taking my pictures near the metro station guys commenting and ogling indecent exposure guys whistling and making indecent comments Some guys were making indecent comments some guys were making indecent comments and whistling Some guys  were stalking a girl -- -- -- -- .. .. .. .. .. Rajapuri area commenting, regular basis 
near the Club gym sector 10 market inappropriate talk .. some guys touched me at inappropriate places I was harassed at this lonely place in dwarka sector 18 , and maybe the guys were LGBT i was travelling in the bus and one guy kept touching me and harassing me in all the wrong ways. a guy i knew once groped my ass , when i was 11 years old I and my friend were waiting at sector 4 bus stand, when 2 cars stopped , and the guys asked us to come in and made litchy comments some guys were making catcalls, and indecent facial expressions Chain snatching , and the guys were making absurd comments, and indecent facial expressions some guys were stalking  me , and giving sexual invites Regular commenting and staring Regular staring and commenting A group of guys staring at a girl , and no street lights , in the campus i saw some boys were commenting and were giving unhealthy facial expressions,on some girls  in the market Some boys were commenting and stalking girls, and wee also taking snaps , or photos a chain snatching happened and eve teasing My friend was being stalked by a random guy. He kept calling and messaging her for a few days until she had to complain to the police. Harassment people standing along the roads and staring other people stealing a group of guys ried to tocuh me at inappropriate places and whistle regularly A guy stared at me and made vulgar facial expressions Stalking , and illicit comments being passed by local boys Touching   and groping nearthe metro station, in broad day light Car following the girl and inviting her with illicit comments and for indecent acts, Bad comments about the girl A fortuner having tinted glasses used to follow every day and used to stop in front of Sachdeva Global School , everyday A boy used to stalk everyday and used to pass cheap comments all the way to the tuition ogling, facial expressions, catcalls and whistles. Ogling and facial expressions Commenting, touching, groping Ogling, facial expressions, commenting A person kept cat calling and passing lewd remarks at my friend. when confronted he resorted to violence. I was in a shared auto. The last stop only me and a guy was left. he suddeny started asking me personal questions and said' can i kiss you?'. Before i could react, he ran away. I was sitting in Dominos waiting for my friend when a group of boys sitting on the table next to me started behaving inappropriately. They were staring and commenting. Staring I was eating in a restaurant and i saw a guy making vulgar expressions at me I was literally less than a block from my house just now (7pm), walking slightly slower than normal which attracted a couple looks, and this young guy just came up from behind (didnt see him coming) and slapped/grabbed my butt and then sprinted away in the opposite direction. It was jarring, especially cuz its 7pm , close to my house, and no one blinked an eye (mainly lower income men close to me at the time)...shiver Ogling, catcalls, whistles, facial expressions My friend was travelling in the metro. she was in the general compartment sitting on the ladies seat. A middle aged man came and stood next to her. He kept staring at her, making her feel uncomfortable.

Metro Yellow line staring, commenting, whistling at Mukherjee Nagar I was stalked by a drunk man I was coming back home then there was a guy standing under a tree constantly looking and giving weird looks. When I clearly had a look he was MB and constantly staring Misbehaving with girls when they go out for buying their clothes A guy was travelling in a rickshaw and he kept looking back weirdly and repeatedly. Commenting and indecent exposure Boy was continuously following me till I reached the metro station. He had passed comments and also touched me by his hand. EVE-teasing seen and reported I have seen teasing girls standing at bustop and railway station Groping ogling/facial expressions My mother was followed and sexually harassed by a man when she took my dog out for a walk My friend and me were playing and the guard threw his phone no.in a chit and ran away and was again and again harassing her one of my friends were sexually harassed while she was walking on the street, the man felt her up A bunch of guys kept starring at me for a 15mins,thus making me feel uncomfortable while i was travelling in a bus, i got down at my stop and started walking towards my house two guys were coming towards me as they passed, they made a cheap comment Once in a market ,when some girls were buying their undergarments,then the person working ant 2-3 boys were starring.Seeing them felt very embarrased so you can think that what those girls were feeling. Yes i have been sexually harassed. When i was coming home from my college. A man who is setting near to me trying to touch my sensitive parts. A friend of mine had sexually harassed in the bus,though the seat of other bus was vacant that old guy sat near by her and keep on touching her intentionally then she didn't want to create a scene and get off from the bus though it wasn't her stop. yes i have been through sexual harassment several times in my life. Once i had gone for shopping around newroad area,some men came near by me and one of them behaved so weird that he blinked his eye and teased me showing bad facial expressions. While i was walking on the street.Two boys were sitting inside the cafe,they called me i didn't looked at them and kept on going,one of the boy whistled and tried to follow  me.The i walked as fast as i can and then i lost his sight. Yes i have been sexually harrased many times in my life,like a random guy trying to touch my sensative parts,and any group of guys whistle at me and did diffrent facial expressions. as i was going home,i was alone without friends and while travelling towards Gwarko some people in the bus whistled at me and gave me facial expression. When i was returning from my college one old guy whistles at me near a poolchowk and did a facial expression which was very unusal. we were 3 people including my sister . to reach the destination ,we decided to take the yellow line metro from civil lines. few boys were sitting there and after seeing my sister started whisting and singing cheap songs It had happened with someone else, she was on scooty , and one person on bike passed away commenting on her and with unusal persistence eve teasing Harassed at Dharavi I was touched and groped at Ghatkopar in the night. An old man offered me a lift in his car after work and then he was ogling at me. It was around 2:30 noon, me and my friend were walking on our way to meet a friend, when suddenly a car stopped,next to us, the driver asked me, the way to Brookefield Hospital. I directed him, and told him the way towards the Hospital. Actually the hospital was exactly opposite to the location in which we were walking. After I told him, the location, he drove a bit ahead from us, and then slowed down his car, I suspected he was watching us in his rear view mirror. I told my friend that something was not right about this driver, and that we needed to turn around and take a busy street, but she ignored saying, that , this is a safe locality, nothing happens here. Meanwhile, she got busy on a call and went a few steps ahead of me, in meantime I caught up with his car, he was driving parallel to me, as I was walking. I tried to ignore him, and started walking fastly. He caught up with me, stopped his car next and asked me ,If I wanted a lift till Brookefield Hospital, I told him, that i was alright, and I needed no lift, but after that he insisted, and asked me to sit next to him, and then when i denied,and started to walk away from his car, he asked me to come look at something, he was pointing towards his lap, suddenly he rose from his seat and showed his genital. I was shocked, and dumbstruck, before i  could understand what did just happen to me,he drove off. It was daylight, I could not note down his car plate number.Maybe I could have been a bit more braver, and done something about it, then and there. When my sister was returning from work at Kandivali Station, platform no 2, an old man was getting down the stairs and making obscene gestures with his face. She confronted him then and there &quot;Old man, is this your age to do this?&quot; and she took out her slippers to hit him. Everyone just looked at her. When my friend was going to college, she was ogled at by men and from that day she does not make eye contact with them Harassed at Kurla station A drunk guy tried to harass in the moving local train. Stalked by a pervert boy till Inorbit Goregaon It happened to me at the Kurla station when a man brushed his elbows at my breasts. I yelled at him but he pretended like nothing like that even happened. A man high on drugs/ alcohol came ahead and touched me inappropriately amidst the crowd at Kurla station. He was stopped and beaten by another guy. But he still had the audacity to turn around and wink before he left. It happened while I was travelling by train to Andheri. Few decent looking men were ogling at a college girl. After the interference of others including myself it was prevented People calling me sexy, hot etc I was on my way to college and was going to the other platform to catch the next train. Someone groped my butt. I turned around but there was a rush and so many &quot;innocent&quot; expressions that I just left from the place.

Overfoot bridge at Kurla station Eve teased by men and women in a group at Charni Rd station Was about to slip.On pretext of saving me,my personal parts were being touched. Guys continously stalking and staring at women and passing obscene comments Eve teasing There is Saturday market every week and lots of incidents of sexual harassment with girls and ladies Touching and ogling Commenting and whistling Stalking,ogling. I was at the Bandra fair with a group of friends both boys and girls and this guy pinched my ass really hard. By the time I turned behind he was lost among the crowd. I still have no idea who he was. A lady was groped right at Thane station. She was with her daughter. Her handbag was snatched after she was groped and pushed to the side.

Platform 1, Thane station. A guy brushed his elbow on my chest. We were at Crawford market and this photographer slyly took a picture of our breasts (focussed). We went and confronted him and he denied taking anything. We went ahead and checked his camera and found the picture and made him delete it. I was crossing the road with my mother and 2 guys passed a comment, waited on the bike, gave us the look and went away. I was on Dadar station main bridge and it was too crowded. A guy touched me inappropriately and I just yelled at him. There were a few cops on the bridge so they tried to help me but the people around were not cooperative so they could not find him. I was crossing the park near my house at 7 pm and there were a group of boys who were smoking and they started walking towards me and circled me and started teasing. I punched the guy closest to me and hit the other on his gut. Ran home and told my mother and we went to launch a complaint One guy purposely bashed into me. I grabbed him and slapped him. While travelling from Colaba to Cumballa hill by bus, one man standing next to me unzipped his pant and flashed and started falling on me. I was sitting so then I made a noise. I slapped him and the conductor was forced to throw him out. A person touched me inappropriately at Vasai Station. There was a guy in the same bus in which I was travelling and since there was a seat empty besides me, he sat and purposely was pushing me. The usual ogling with their protruding eyeballs no matter what women wear. Harassed in Indore My friends and me went to Carter road and we were having some fun. Suddenly my friend noticed a guy taking pictures of us. So we went up to him and told him to show us the phone. And we found the pic, deleted it and slapped the man and walked off. Actually it is not a big matter to us because ladies are al ways feel abused simply when we travel in a public vehicle like touching ,pushing are regular problems. He was a remotewala man basically dealing with used stuff. This man used to come to our society to collect used stuff in noon time. It was one day when I was out near the corridor that this man passed by and suddenly down there he started undressing himself and he actually showed me his penis and gestured to me whether i wanted it.

Dadarkar compound, Tulshiwadi, Tardeo I saw a taxi driver not driving and staring at all the ladies passing by him. He stared at them from top to bottom. Literally staring them till the time they were visible.

Sukh sagar bus stop. When we went to Rajasthan for a trip. When we went in a desert there were boys who were trying to take pictures of girls. The person following my sister and passed comments and tried to touch her.

Dongri from Sabu Siddique hospital to Shalimar. My cousin and I were on the scooter riding along Marine drive sea face. A bike came along from behind with 2 guys who kept smiling, ogling and they kept trying to distract us. They would zoom across and come in our way again and again.

It happened on Marine Drive but they followed us on our way home (lost half our route). They stopped at Mohammed Ali Rd and diverted their route. Unfortunately there are more than one incident that happened. One of them was in front of the SOBO mall where a car started following us. She was alone, trying to catch an auto. A man tried to touch her in an improper manner. She faced him and shouted back to which he smartly ignored and walked away pretending to be unaware of what just happened. I was harassed at Bangur nagar I was harassed near sukh sagar Unwanted touching, staring, domestic violence I was standing at Bandra station wearing a red sleeveless top. Men in the arriving trains whistled, stared, commented on my shirt and my figure. I was in a crowded bus when this happened. My friend and I were sitting in the general seats on the left side of the bus. the man next to my friend sitting on the aisle side felt something on her shoulder. she turned to check what it was and it turned out to be a man with his erection, resting on her shoulder. This happened in the BEST bus 296 one of the person in public bus tried to touch me time to time Commenting and ogling Harassment on the metro feeder bus. On the road bad pass was given, got irritated and ignored thereafter. Group of guys chasing me and ogling I was followed and
commented at saying, &quot;kya boobs hai maal lag rahi hai&quot; Forceful touching in the train Ogling and indecent exposure Someone pinched my breasts. Took place somewhere near NSP A boy offered me a ride to the metro station and then abused me. I was going to my home after my office it was already late in the evening so I took a taxi.The taxi driver couldn't get off his eyes off me which i felt very much offended. Overcrowded buses in Chennai. Male tries to grab and do embarrassing stuff and females put it as normal day to day things. Due to language constraints they pretend they don't understand when you confront them. NO one stands up.

This is on all public transport buses in Chennai Dirty stares, deliberate pushing and touching. Morning and evening at the stations. The so called 'new age' chhokras of the city have a tendency to accumulate near this lake side street and kick the two wheeler vehicle ridden people, especially women. While coming back from college, often a group of boys they stare and comment on girls. me and my friends too face this problem approximately on a daily basis. While walking to school men made facial expressions. Coming back from college a group of men on a motorcycle teased me. When i was in school there is one boy who always stares at me and whenever I go somewhere he always follows me whether it is my tuition or street. i was walking to my car in a deserted parking lot, when a boy grabbed me from the behind and did unspeakable things. Catcalling at GK I Ogling and commenting at GK II Ogling at Saket Ogling Harassment A group of boys standing outside the college were ogling at us; commenting and cat calling I was harassed on Amity campus The salesman was ogling at me and tried to grope me. I was harassed at Vasant Kunj A boy rubbed his penis against my backside A girl groped my penis A man in a car approached me and offered me a car ride. After i sat in, several hundred meters ahead, he asked to suck his dick. When I declined, he dropped me off on a deserted patch. Harassed at Nangloi Jat. People were ogling and my chain was snatched. Chain snatching of a resident of Delhi Police Appartments. Eve teasing seen and reported. Groping Ogling and commenting My mother was followed and sexually harassed by a man when she took my dogs out for a walk. My friend and I were playing. The guard threw a chit with his phone number and ran away. He was harassing her again and again. One of my friends was sexually harassed. While she was walking on the street the man felt her up. A bunch of guys kept staring at me for a good 15 mins, thus making me extremely uncomfortable. Staring whistling and commenting I was stalked by a drunk man I was coming back home and there was a guy standing under a tree constantly staring and giving wierd looks. one man tried to pay my bus fee and asked my name and followed but i ran away home. one boy in public bus gave me bad look some boys in ratnapark make facial expression and pushing . it has happened to one of my friend while we were travelling on a bus. some boys teased me and tried to touch my body. Misbehaving with girls when they go out to buy clothes. A guy was travelling in a rickshaw and hhe kept looking back wierdly and repeatedly. Commenting, indecent exposure. Boy was continuously following me till I reached the metro station. He passed comments and also hit me with his hand. I was crossing the road with a friend and a group of bikers commented and whistled. One of my classmates stalked me for one month. A person was making wierd faces in front of a girl on the Bus stop. afternoon 1 pm My friend was going back home from college. She was in a rickshaw. A guy was driving alongside the rickshaw and was masturbating looking towards my friend. She was horrified.
evening 6 pm My friend had a primary teacher in her school who used to behave ackwardly. If students would complain he would beat them without any reason. My friend was travelling on the metro in the general compartment, sitting on the ladies seat. A middle aged man came and stood next to her. He kept staring at her making her feel uncomfortable. I was walking in the evening talking on the phone when suddenly a guy hit me on my hand and walked away with his group of friends. There were two boys standing in the center of the market and staring at me and my friend. One night when my friend was travelling by auto, the driver took her to an unknown place, luckily she found help and was saved. I was going to Shahdara metro station. On the way a man started whistling and passed cheap comments. In metros people touch and pretend as if nothing happened. Staring and irrelevant unbearable unnecessary comments a guy blocked my way back home .and gave a dirty looks and asked my name. the boys were drunk and commented bad on the women. and tried to rape the women. one half aged man tried to touch every where of a small girl on micro bus seat one person touched my breast by his shoulder on footpath .. some boys called me by using bad words when walking on road an old man came and touched my butt ...when i was walkin with my mum and sister.... some of boys were blocking my sisters way .when she was returning form a college A group of boys were commenting and whistling while I was performing a play. (street play). I was travelling and somebody was staring at me and followed me. while travelling in a bus, one middle aged man tried to touch my breast. i felt so uncomfortable and tried to avoid him but he again harass me through his eyes and facial expressions. it was about 6 yrs ago, i was waiting for micro bus, a man starred, spoke some abusive words and even followed me. while i was waiting for a bus at bus stand, man of 30-35 age stopped his bike and asked for life with bad intention or facial expression. it was a summer afternoon, i was walking in the street. 2 boys on a motorbike were coming towards me from opposite direction. one of them touched my lower front part of my body. i was being touched by one old man who was sitting next to me in a micro bus.when i was coming out of bus for my college, that old man touched my lower part. every person have seen that who were there but nobody spoke a word a little. facial expression, touching etc by the gang of boys. sexual abuse while returning home from college in a narrow road. When i was in school there is one boy who always steer me &amp; whenever i go somewhere he always follow me wheather its my tution &amp; my street
any time of the day I was walking to my car in a deserted parking lot, when a boy grabbed me from the behind &amp; did unspeakable things
night 9 pm A boy rubbed his penis against my ass
Hauz Khan Metro Station

afternoon 1.30 pm A man in a car approached me, offered me a car ride. After I sat in, several hundred metres ahead, he asked to suck my dick. On being declined, he dropped me off om the deserted patch.
night 8 pm chain snatching &amp; lewd behaviour lewd behaviour The salesman was ogling me and tried to grope me in DLF Emporio

evening 7.30 pm afternoon 3.30 pm Morning 10 am evening 5.45 pm afternoon 2 pm afternoon 1.30 pm A group of boys standing outside the college was ogling us;commenting and doing catcalls. evening 5.30 pm My sister and her friend were stalked by three guys. They continuously followed them for almost about 15-20 mins. I was waiting at Inderlok Metro Station, at the exit gate. A group of four boys passed cheap comments and followed me. On seeing a policeman they turned around and ran away. a boys showed facial expression to western dressed girl the girl was being sexually behaved by touching her body.the girl cried soo much an old ,man showing his body part to a small ghirl male people usally stare at girls wearing short dresses a girl was sitting and a boy was trying to touch and gave an expressions so she slapped him. eve teasing while walking on roads . wistling in the street.trying to diss in the street.clicking pictures.trying to hold hands. wistling
staring
unwanted conversation wistling
singing bad songs
staring A person in a bus stared at me continuosly and I was so afraid. A group of girls were walking and some guys were making bad comments about them and teasing them in a bad way. I saw a girl being teased badly by boys and the girl was so afraid. They even followed her. One guy followed me and my friend. Group of men pushed me while walking and they even tried to touch my private part. They passed very bad comments to me. My friend was badly haressed by four boys while she was returning home from college. A group of boys always teased me on the way to my home. A boy always harrassed me while I used to return home from college. While I was returning from college, group of boys teased me a lot by saying bad words. Following &amp; trying to come closer touching in infinite area while passing by bus (i gave him a good beating) comment passers arround while walking on street i had a relative of mine who touched me in a very indecent manner some time at back.of course it was disguished as a cute hug as elders give to young ones but that left me harassed. yesterday while i was on the way to sankhu there was a girl and two boys wearing a college dress waiting for a bus. the boys were talking with each other using so many rough words. the girl feel odd and scolded the boys. a few men commented over my appearance while i was going to buy vegetables two men come there and blink their eyes with shaking their tongues. this incident had happened near zoo. the girl was returning after her tution classes. and then she was commented badly by some boys. A middle aged man teasing very inappropriately. Some people sitting on train whistling and speaking something bad. Stalking, Ogling - Seen and resisted Teasing in the bus and roads While travelling from chandigarh to Delhi one elderly person was sitting next to me. After completing half of the journey he placed his bag on his seat, squeezing the space on his seat trying to sit closer to me. he was trying to put his hand on my waist and I had to shift to the end of the seat to avoid the harrassment. Simultaneously there was harassment and catcalls followed by chain snatching A girl of 8th standard staying with her grandmother refuses to go to school as a fruit seller at Aquem opp monginis keeps on starring at her on way back home she is so scared that she prefers not to answer exams A man tried to become close to me inside a public bus and he even kept his hands in my thigh. One of my friends was verbally abused by some boys. My friend was harassed by her own boss at the reputed company. He kissed her forcefully without her will. Trying to touch here and there and trying to be close to me and commented on my dress up. Touching in sensible areas of my body. I have been teased badly my boys on the streets. A man was trying to touch a woman's body in a packed bus. One man came near to me and said that my breasts were so nice and he wanted to touch those. Some men said very bad words to me and commented on my figure. They even took my pictures. I was walking with my friend. A man came in his bike and said very bad words to my friend. A man showed his penis by calling me. I thought he called me for other reason but when I turned back he was showing his penis. While I was riding a scooty, three boys on three different bikes were kind of teasing me and were trying to come near me. A man looked at me very badly giving so bad expressions. Some boys in my classroom teased a girl by saying vulgur words always. 40+ more year old man tries to touch me while travelling form kathmandu to Banepa but i defend myself by pinching him by the hair pin. somebody tires to touch my sensitive part. When I was returning home from college a group of boys follows me and trains to stop my way physical abuse on a public vehicle. physical abuse at store. Commented about my dress up and took pictures without permission. And also tried to touch here and there in public vehicles. gang of boys abused me by whistling and using bad words on my way back home. i heard lots of man saying bad and vulgar words in public place even tries to touch my body parts and whistles. gang of boys tried to rape me while i was returning home during night time. however i managed to escape. A conductor of the bus commented on my physical apperance and also uttered vulgur words. When I was going in college by local bus, a man sitting beside me tried to touch my breast. There is a middle age man who always sits by my neighbourhood who always shouts my name when I pass by the road. while travelling in a bus, the conductor touched me in my back as it seems like he is trying to make space for others in a crowded bus. physical abuse by a conductor of a bus i was travelling. while i was in micro bus, somebody touches my back and hair. took pictures without permission. took pictures without permission. One man came and invited me for sex. physically abused in a restroom. I was so much teased and pushed by gang of boys in the early morning. Two boys were staring at me very badly. I felt so uncomfortable table and moved from that place. One day I went to meet a senior person whom I respect as an uncle at a restaurant and at that time when none was there he tried to kiss me and touch my private parts. I could not react as of the public place and respect for him so I felt by fast from there. one morning my friend was going to college. At Ratnapark sky bridge, she encountered with a man who suddenly grabbed her breast. And he walked away as if nothing happened. A random guy touched my breast while i was walking by the roadside. A hoard of boys surrounded me and made it difficult for me to pass through as I was walking. This incident took place on 17-09-14 around 2-4pm at the metro station.
My friend usually get harassed on daily basis on this station.I would like safe city to take initiatives to stop this.It is very unsafe (Please) This incident took place three months ago during the night at rooster pub.
A man in his late 40's in Indian  clothes sat in the corner and ogling at the girls who were there.He was passing lewd looks and comments to his minors. The incident took place at satya palace street during evening.
There was this day when I was coming from my tuition and a guy on a cycle whistled and passed a comment. I went for shopping.There 3 guys were standing near a shop.As i approached they first started making facial gestures then started whistling and taking pictures. While i was travelling in my car with my family,a worker on a car repairing shop ogled and made facial expressions which was really disgusting. A guy made indescent expression while i was returning home from tuition. Teasing at times in buses and teasing and harassment of transgneders. I was going home from college with my friend on rickshaw,a guy was in a car on the other side of the road was stalking and passing comments and giving ugly expressions to us.He stalked us until we reached the metro station. I was 10 or 12 years old, while going to a shop a stranger asked for some help and told me to hold his bike as he had to do something in his bike.I was a kid so i could not understand his intentions.Then he suddenly slid his hand under my frock,I got scared and ran away. I went to the Bengali Market at around 9 to purchase some medicines as i was having viral and needed the antibiotics. While on my way back, i heard somebody whispering around my ears and when i looked around i found a boy roughly in the age group of 12-14 riding on a bicycle. He went ahead of me but kept looking back and making gestures. A few seconds later he returned and repeated the same.When he was about to make his third attempt, i picked up my phone to make a call, seeing that he hurried to the Mandi house golambar. I ignored the first time he whispered and commented but when he dared to do that the second time i was almost infuriated. But i was alone and the huge lane around FICCI was completely dark and deserted except a few ice cream vendors or men loitering around. I could have easily thrashed the boy, but what stopped me was the fact that i didn't know what ugly turn the situation would take. I was in a state of shock as i couldn't believe a boy of  12 yrs would dare to do something like this on his own. The irony is that i am a law student and have been advocating for the rights of the juveniles in my papers. I was living as a foreigner in Jodhpur, Rajasthan for 3 months. All together I faced many sexual harassment situations and this is a summary of them.

Once I was walking in the evening and a boy passed me by a bike and squeezed my breasts for a moment while passing. The same happened to my friend as well.

Once a random boy on the street started to follow me when I was walking and he was asking to hold my hand and hug me. 

Staring and commenting was everyday stuff. Many times whistling happened and I was also shouted &quot;I want to fuck you&quot; in public. 

Always when I went somewhere people tried to take photos of me, both men and women. It is ok if it is asked but very few ask for permission and also many times they want to have a photo with me and it is ok if there are also women but I don't want to be in photos with only men. Harassed and abused at special counter for ladies while renewing a first class pass.man behind wanted to buy his ticket and have me wait behind .when I refused he abused and tried to push me.he also tried to stalk me at borivali station which is when I took his picture and he started making obscene gestures. Ogling while travelling in train. a person repeating the same daily.

8:11 local train from Thane to CST Guy touching girls back, making use of crowd in platform after train arrival.

It happened at Thane station platform We were 2 women sitting on a bench and having a private conversation, when we were disturbed by a security guard busy staring at us intrusively. We requested him several time to stop and explained him his ogling was a disturbance. When he ignored our requests, I took a photo of him, which made him nervous. He tried to scare us into deleting the photo, and when we refused he threatened to hit me. The whole incident degenerated into an assault against us by neighbours misguided by the guard. It was a disproportionate backlash for our stand against street harassment. When I realized an angry mob was confronting us, I tried and called the police &amp; women cell to no avail. Basically it seems that for these neighbours, standing peacefully but firmly against street harassment is a greater offence than street harassment itself :( Men and boys hanging around outside the station, staring and passing comments on women passing-by. I commute to Kurla from Kharghar daily and some perverts get on the train from Mankhurd and Govandi who not only pass lewd comments to every girl on the station. They do not differentiate between teenage girls or a woman in her late 40's their comments are alike and quite disturbing and fellow commuters say nothing to them. They get down at Kurla and then they start taking their chances while getting on the railway bridge. They always try to grope woman in pretex of crowd and other male passengers chose to ignore even after looking at the shameless act.I strongly feel that there should be separate bridge at all stations for women. The Tardeo Diana bridge is a very unsafe area especially afternoon times and on holidays. a lot of harassment and chain snatching incidents are happening very often as there are many escape routes especially towards the railway lines. Similarly the small lane below the bridge near Bai RFD Panday GIrls High School and the staircase from the bridge leading to the below parsi colony always has drug addicts and such types of people hanging around drinking and smoking drugs. The bridge is so unsafe that a debris truck since the last 3 - 4 years every month practically dumps an entire truck load of debris tight on the bridge and no body has yet caught him. Imagine what can happen to a woman in such an area....The main problem is that the bridge is divided into two police stations and perhaps neglected for the same reason. A corner opposite Bharat Gas Godown where a group of boys sit and drink freely and litter the place with broken bottles. Sometimes the group is seen drinking in parked cars / auto. Harassment to citizens passing through the lane with comments and abusive language. Patrolling should be beefed up and group to be banned from assembling in the area. Group mostly assemble during night between 9 pm to 11 pm (tue / fri and weekends) Hi, The following incident has happened twice with me while walking back home. I was walking in the lane adjacent to kasarvadavli naka leading towards Thane Muncipal Garden side between 8 to 10 pm. Boys passing towards the direction I was walking stopped by..checked me out right on my face and drove ahead. I gave a firm rude look but did not get into verbal fight as the lane was not lit. there were very few people passing by. The most surprising thing... I was dressed in Salwar Kameez on one occasion. Alert One - There is a cheap liqour shack prior Haware residential Project via the lane i was walking...the boys were heading in the same direction which means they either belong to the slums nearby or were heading to chill out at the liquor shack. Alert Two - The place ahead of the liqour shack is deserted ... I have noticed rickshaw drivers and other local boys frequenting this place. Liqour is consumed in open.....I have seen it. The road gets spilt in two directions one to haware proect.. the other heads to a valley like place which is deserted....police needs to have their presence felt here.... Alert Three - These lanes are half lit and some spots completely unlit with street lights Please do something asap about this before a rape / crime takes place. The nearest police station is kasarvadavali police station. many thanks for this website.... I have been traveling in local trains for almost 15 years now &amp; still unable to look at the moving train on the opposite sight of the tracks,ask why? The day you decide to look through other moving train, you find men staring at you, making indecent advances towards many women. The lanes to the chawls are narrow and boys stand just outside the lanes and don't give way for the women to pass. They pass comments on them and sing songs as well. There is also a group of boys who pays carom on the road. K.C.College-church gate is having railway colony at back side of the college building, every day men and boys of that building harass college students (girls) by staring, commenting, facial expressions and college professors are not taking action on this. It happened of me travelling by bus for college in morning a drunked man got in the bus. There were two more female friends accompaning me, the man who got in was stairng at us in very cruel way so we reported to the conductor. Rather than making him get down , he shifted his place &amp; the person sat right behind us. So, atlast we got off the bus because there was no other option left &amp; there were very few passengers travelling along. When I would travel by the 271 bus I often experienced of men try brush against me and stare at me. The worst thing is that there are two - three conductors who always try to touch women and they purposely hold the hand of the women when handing over the ticket. This happened with me more that four or five times. I go to the terrace of my building for doing exercise every morning. Some buildings away there is one guy who keep staring me and waves hand on looking at me. I really ignored him at first but then, i thought that he has a binocular in his hand and he gets the close look of mine. I don't know what to do and how to handle this. As i am really in a hurry to finish my work out and start off with my day. Please guide and suggest what can be done. One of the entry/exit bridges of Malad station starts/ends near a men's public toilet. There is always a crowd of men standing there and also the path to the main road has a kind of a compound and during mornings or evenings there are boys and men standing there staring at every girl passing by, passing comments, making weird facial expressions and posture, singing songs, brushing against women as they pass by and so on I ride a scooty to travel around. i would feel earlier that maybe if I ride a scooty I would not be eve teased as much, clearly I was wrong. Recently during the Ganesha visarjan I noticed men staring at me, taking the excuse of traffic and trying to get close to me and my friend who was with me. Not just this even on normal days I find rickshaw drivers staring at me when I wear skirts and rise or even if I'm wearing an Indian wear they still stare. Once on a lonely road a car was driving behind me and kept honking even though the road was empty. There are a lot of boys loitering around the park of sitting on the side walls. They passed lewd remarks at the girls crossing the park. The area where i stay, is just pathetic. There are always this boys of group standing on the road side, playing cards and passing comments on each passer by. I try to ignore their comments, but again at the same time i feel why should i ignore. I don't like that girls like me are easy targets to the road side romeos. When i talk to my parents about this they too ask me too ignore the same. But somehow, i don't like to ignore. I want to take strict action against this boys as they really pass dirty comments on the girls. Therefore our parents do not allow us to move out of the house after 7 pm. instances of men harassing us are so common that we have taken them in our stride on the platform. they stare, touch us, pass lewd remarks on girls/women and this act of theirs is done deliberately. there were fixed group of boys in Goregaon Fast local train, they always passed lewd comments on the women who stand cross track (platform) I was placed for field work form my college at Raey Road. The place on the whole is unsafe. There are mostly men on the roads and very few women. They keep staring at girls as they walk through the lanes, roads, markets, etc. they even pass comments on them and try to come close; very close. I was waiting at a deserted bus stop and there was only man standing next to me, he just kept starring at me until i got into a bus. I felt very uncomfortable with his dirty gestures towards me. The group of 5 to 6 men was standing near the cobblers stall. I observed that they constantly stared at every women &amp; girls from top to bottom who access that road. whenever we sit , men mostly those who are middle aged, tend to brush themselves against us. when told to stay far or keep distance, they say that it's because of the crowd. many of them even argue or shout back. they rub their private parts against the girls shoulders, especially college going girls because they don't react or speak. they also give a dirty smile when looked with anger. I am student, studying in a senior college. I and my other few friends have been facing torture from the hands of few boys from our college itself. these boys are affiliated to some political party and highly influential too. They call out our names, pass lewd remarks, our names with some sexual message has been scribbled on the college walls. We suspect on them, how do we resolve this problem??? These are the one sentiment echoed by all the visually challenged women, that we feel unsafe while traveling in the handicapped compartments of local trains, when men often try and touch us inappropriately. We are glad at-least on this website we can express are bad feeling towards this sexual harassment that we faced almost everyday when we travel in local trains of Mumbai. Presence of gangs of males staring at females and passing comments, in case of emergency no marked escape for women. Area around the station and the platform filled with men and boys staring at women, some even passing lewd comments. Narrow bridge on the parel station, heavy crowd trying to climb up/down provides a merry ground for stalkers/eve teasers. The men on the station made me very uncomfortable, they were constantly staring at women passing-by. The station is dimly lit and doesnt even have proper signs towards escape routes. There are groups of men/boys hanging around Thane Station, staring at women and passing comments Gangs of boys loitering outside the station and on platform, passing comments Physical and verbal abuse at Madanpura near Mumbai central station. Groups of boys and men loitering around the station. I'm a 21 years old college going girl living in Sion. It is very difficult and a scary affair almost everyday, anytime of the day. The most dangerous place is exactly outside the station where there is the underground bridge (subway). Most of the time there is no light at all in this dark underground. Besides this, after exiting from the underground bridge and as you walk towards Shivar Guest House, there are always huge groups of men, including shop keepers sitting all along the wholesale clothes shops going towards the BMC Quaters, who not only make lewd remarks, they also make sexual remarks, and sometimes even attempt unwanted contact. Worse cases have been witnessed but no action has ever been taken. This is just not a fixed group, there are always gangs at this entire area and specially at nights, the lane towards Laxmi baug and the BMC Quarters has a lot of mini ladders where these gangs sit as soon sun sets, and the number increases as time passes and it becomes worse at nights. Visit to Palika Bazaar, the AC shopping market was terrifying for me and my friend as women. the place is filled with men.The shopkeepers pass lewd comments, men try to come close and feel us, there was a group of boys (tourists) who came so close to touch me that i had to threaten them with a call to police. there are no police men/women inside the market to make women feel safe. I am never going to enter the market again. I was harassed on the local train. Touched at all possible personal areas of my body. Some guy just rubbed his hand over my butt and one of the other times tried to look inside my top.

This happened at the subway near the CST station because it is dark. Uncomfortable stares when walking. I was wearing shorts and walking near the army area on a rainy day. The road was deserted and 3 guys on the bike stalked me and commented on me. They even tried to assault me. I was alone and helpless. Bad stares and whistles when passing through a street. I was in a shared autorickshaw. The person who was sitting next to me was trying to elbow me in the stomach. Later he tried to slide his hand under my thigh. I told him to take his hand away and sit in front. College trip - train ride - guys looking in an ugly way - guys were soldiers in civilian clothes.

This happened on the train back from Goa. As I go to college in Bandra, Carter Road, there are many college going students who comment on firls all the time. And they even touch them and run on bikes.

This happens almost everyday. A drunk guy was once teasing a school going girl on the Adarsh Nagar Bus stop next to Multanis. A guy was indecently exposing his private parts even after knowing that there were girls all around them and would have noticed it.

This happened outside the Wadia college at the bus stop. In front of my building as I was coming home a rickshaw driver was honking and making dirty facial expressions. A man of the guesthouse came in my bedroom twice and wanted to hug me and kiss me, fortunately I'm an european girl thus I was taller than him and stronger so I can put him out of my bedroom. Ogling and touching in the general compartment of the Dombivli train. A girl was not allowed to get out of a car. SHe was shouting and the driver drove fast and ran away. She was forced to remain in the car. This happened near Mini Seashore, sector 10, Vashi A guy tried to touch inappropriately on a long distance passenger train from Mumbai to Kerala. My friend was standing in the queue to pay bill and was ogled by a group of boys. Have seen girls being stared upon by guys and making them feel uncomfortable. Also whistling and ogling. at the waterfalls near Karjat, drunk people passed comments and stared at my friends A friend of mine (female) got harassed whilst she was jogging early in the morning. A bunch of losers (weird guys) kept tailing me and my friends (all female) as we shopped in Lulu Mall, Kochi. They kept following us from one floor to another even entering the stores we went to. After a point they even tried photobombing us. We got rid of them  only on leaving the mall. Navigating everyday is a challenge in Indian Cities. I have lived in Coimbatore, Mumbai, Varanasi and Bangalore and from the morning, every act is geared towards navigating the city. am i going to come home late today, what should i wear, do i have transport or am i using public transport, do i really need to stay out late. every day these are my thought processes. i guess as i am relatively old now, i have figured out ways of avoiding unsafe times and places, but the truth is that there is always a fear of getting raped. The incident happened outside BEL township.My friend and I were on a bike and talking to one of our college friend outside her home in bel township when a taxi stopped by. It was a pearl white Tata Indica Vista (KA.03.AA.5562). The driver started teasing our friend and started abusing us too when we looked at him. He intended to pick a fight on road. But we chose to quietly note his vehicle number down and report. He had two others in his car. After the incident he went ahead towards Yeshwanthpur and proceeded towards Metro. I used to experience other types of categories when I was younger, but am now a veteran in my own city - in the field of avoiding any such issues. 
But ogling, facial expressions and comments remain unchanged over the years.
In every other place i travel to, as I am not a local, I experience all the other categories of assault except rape/sexual assault. 
I have avoided rape over the years by simply NEVER being in a situation that could lead to it. 
One learns to LIVE like a prey animal in a WORLD full of predators. THE  grama panchayat has  impose public  nuisances   on cases  which i file to than to polices station   (  WE NEEDED TO GO FOR MRI SCAN WITH A RELATIVE AT UPSANA HOSPITAL AND I NEEDED TO CHANGE MY CLOTHS.THIS PERSON OPENED THE DOOR TO MY MRI SCAN AND I WAS ILL PERSON . THE DOOR WAS CLOSED BUT FORGET TO LOCK IT.  (The same person which we  to  the  hospital  for treatment in auto rickshaw .)HE OPENED IT ON PURPOSE WITH ONE OLD MEN STANDING NEXT TO HIM THERE WAS FILLED WITH CROWD! !) i don't know any monkey acts shown  by public !some actions ! i just the actions out ! My train had arrived at 4.15am
The TT on the way out leered at me terribly,,,and i gave him a stern look.
Right after that an old man coming up the stairs started commenting on me,catcalling me,winking and made faces at me. I told him FUCK OFF This incident took place at Manav chowk on the red light.I was standing opposite the red light from where there is a free left turn. 

It took place around 5-7 minutes ago which means around 9:35-40am. 

I was waiting there for an auto amd then there is this police innova which takes a left and the person (man) sitting inside it winked at me. That person was not in police uniform but he was driving that police innova so I am guessing he was a police official. I was so shocked.
And these are the people who have been given the responsibility to protect tge society.  There's something very wrong with the system.

I am highly highly disappointed and angry and shocked. people takes advantage in overcrowded metros and buses.they passes lewd comments and groped. it was a usual evening out with friends when some guys(rowdy) come along the road and started commenting on a girl abusively. guys making an in appropriate expressions. guys were making faces shopkeeper was making diffrent faces. the guys were staring auto walla wass making inappropriate expressions i went to one of the shop of sarojninagar. the guy stared at me. there were just staring at me. when i was leaving from my college there was a group of boys who were trying to show an indescent location. catcalls/whistles,commenting,ogling/facial expressions,taking pictures,touching/groping commenting,ogling/facial expressions In H-block,Shastri Nagar 5-6 yrs old small girl was raped by shopkeeper. guys were roaming around this place and commenting and whistling over the girls. chain snatching,commenting,ogling/facial expressions,others calling a girl with vulgar languages and facial expressions. catcalls/whistles,commenting,ogling/facial expressions,taking pictures,touching/groping,sexual invites i was going to home wheni saw some boys in  car harassing a  girl. ogling/facial expressions,touching/groping,others two men irritating me and my friend through comments. Some people started commenting bad words on me and my friend. catcalls/whistles,commenting,ogling/facial expressions Catcalls Commenting and bad facial expressions, taking pictures, indecent exposure, sexual invites catcalls,commenting,ogling/facial expressions Catcalls Commenting and bad facial expressions As i was getting down from AMUT metro station i found 2 boys who were standing outside the metro station were ogling and were passing comments. Chain Snatching, commenting, and ogling catcalls/whistles,commenting,ogling/facial expressions,taking pictures,touching/groping,sexual invites Ogling, touching and groping i was standing with my friend then a police bus came and a police man on the last seat passed filthy expression my friend was walking to her hostel, a van of prisoners passed by and whistled and made indecent comments on her dress! boys and men donot have any decency towards women. you just need to walk down the street and you will face all kinds of harassments. Commenting and bad facial expressions. Whistles, chain snatching, ogling, taking pictures one man tried to hug a girl from behind. Catcalls Commenting and bad facial expressions Catcalls Commenting and bad facial expressions there's a tea stall outside my hose and whenever i go out the tea maker just ogles at me. Harassment takes place everywhere because Delhi is not safe.It happens in the evening. i was going to the gym when some guys were commenting at me. the DTC buses are full of eve-teasers, comm enters and oglers. i was waiting for my friends and some boys were ogling at me. A guy was standing at the entrance of the Duck Park. when i entered the park, he made some expressions. i ignored it and then he stopped me forcefully and started to ask me about my prsonal details. while we were at a coffee meeting .. people on the other table were passing comments... making it difficult to concentrate and were continuously staring .... as I used to go to my college or any other places people stares and comments on, whistle sometimes. its very difficult to step out or coming late night. This incident took place at uttam nagar east metro station (uttam nagar terminal) during the evening on 21st feb.I was taking a bus and noticed a guy giving strange facial expressions. Commenting,ogling and touching at kashmere gate metro station in the evening. Catcalls,commenting,touching and ogling at DTC bus at Bus stop in dhaula kuan during all hours of the day and night. Catcalls,commenting,touching and ogling at DTC bus at safdurjung enclave during all hours of the day and night. Catcalls and ogling at footover of south campus in the evening. Ogling in the morning at INA bus stand. Catcalls and ogling during the night. Commenting,ogling and pictures taken during the night. Commenting,ogling and pictures taken during the night. Catcalls,commenting,ogling and touching in the night. Commenting and ogling in the night. It can happen anytime and normally it happens everywhere while walking on the road. It is everywhere nowadays and happens every time.It happens everywhere at sector 9 also. walking back home and suddenly some group of boys grouped around me just trying to talk.It happened in the evening. Many a times I have witnessed harassment in Delhi in rohini sector 9 and 13 during morning,afternoon and evening.It is a common topic to discuss. It happened in the north campus in the afternoon.While going on a rickshaw, a group of boys followed it doing the categories selected. It happened in the general coach of metro in the evening. It happened outside Miranda college during the night. It happens during afternoon and evening. It happens during afternoon and evening. It happens during afternoon and evening in the metro. Boys of every age passing comments and cheap facial expressions and language near Govt. school. This incident took place at GTB metro station in the evening.They were mocking me,calling names. It happened in the afternoon at kamla market.It was very uncomfortable for me and people around me were oblivious to it. It happened in the afternoon in the metro.It was very uncomfortable for me and people around me were oblivious to it. It happened in the afternoon in the E-rickshaw.It was very uncomfortable for me and people around me were oblivious to it. Me and my friend were going on the road and some guys in a car passed by making comments.It happened in the afternoon. Me and my friend were going on the road and some guys in a car passed by making comments.It happened in the afternoon. Staring and by making indecent expressions and touching and all.All this happens generally in Metro and Buses.Even if you just pass by the bus stands in the evening,you might be the victim of inappropriate comments and all. He made inappropriate expressions.It happened in the evening. Whenever I go outside the hostel,I face such kind of harassment everywhere and every time.
It happens everywhere outside college and hostel. It happens in the cinema halls during evening and night. It happens in the metro during evening and night. It was around December 2013 in the afternoon.Somebody grabbed my bum from behind. Couldn't figure out who he was when I turned around(Metro station crowd. Catcalls,commenting and ogling outside pragati maidan metro station in the evening. It happens at the metro stations in the afternoon. in the afternoon. I was shopping with my friend and a random guy took my picture and then ran away.It happened in the afternoon. This incident took place around March-april 2013 at rajiv chowk metro station in the afternoon.
I boarded the general compartment of dwarka metro at rajeev chowk.A man at the age of 40 commented me as 'maal'. This incident took place at rajiv chowk metro station in the afternoon.There was this guy who was just behind me.He pinched my ass and then gave a shitty smile. This incident took place at rajiv chowk metro station.I was inside the metro and a boy pinched me very badly on my waist.So,I hitted him back with my sharp hair stick. Near indra vihar hostel guys give weird looks and pass bad comments about the girls passing by.It happens in the evening. Catcalls and ogling at GTB metro station in the evening. This incident took place at the GTB Metro gate 2 in the afternoon.Group of guys while coming from GTB nagar gate no.2 gave me weird looks. Whenever we get out of the hostel for a walk,we face guys staring and commenting on all the girls passing by every evening. harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment This incident took place at vishwavidalaya metro station(inside metro) in the afternoon.
I was sitting inside metro,ladies compartment.The compartment was full of men and the moment I entered they started ogling and making facial expressions which made me feel quite uncomfortable. This incident took place at rajiv chowk metro station in the evening.
It mostly happened all the time when metro reached the station.Most of the men misuse that movement and touch private parts. Saw some boys commenting who passed lewd comments at rohini metro station in the afternoon. a group boys harassed us. guys on bike did it it was really terrible. it was really terrible. it was really terrible. it was really bad. it was really bad. it was really bad. it was really bad. it was really bad. it was really bad. it was really bad. People in car commenting near the lake area. when we walk near the lake area of our college. While coming back from college. it was really bad. They were passing cheap comments nd blinking eyes even when i was with my family. people were commenting on my dress and postures. my friend was crossing the road it was really bad. Two guys in a car were following us. We were followed and commented here. A girl was moving on the road when some guys harassed her. i was standing at the bus stop, two boys came and started teasing me,,, they do put racist remark on me.. it was really bad. when going to my relative's place in auto some guys started harrassing. We were going to tot on foot and a group of guys on bike harassed us. while crossing road infront of my college. guys make inaaproprate expressions it was really bad. continued inside campus too. it was really bad. the guy kept on following me untill i reached inside my campus. it was really bad. it was really bad. Usually in CNG buses it happened heading to south ex. At Khoda market me and my friend were going and many people stared and commented at us. Few people on an electric rickshaw were constantly making facial expressions trying to grap attention.This incident took place in the afternoon. two being commented and stared upon A guy was staring and making dirty facial expressions at the metro station(nehru place) and wasn't boarding any train for around 30 mins till i was waiting for a friend. Commenting and staring in the area in the evening. there was this guy sitting at the bus stand opposite MH. he saw me and started whistling and speaking something very fast, he smarked his lips, pouted and winked. guys was staring and making different facial expressions... the guys was making different expressions. auto wala was staring at me and making expressions which was very inappropriate. it was really bad. i was going out with my friends to the snacks stalls outside my college and these guys started passing lewd comments on us. I was being commented and ogled upon at dilshad garden and kashmere gate metro station. it was really bad. it was really bad. while doing wall climbing at adventure island, this guy asks me &quot; whats your bra size?&quot; A girl of around 19-20yrs was wearing shorts and was being continously stared/commented upon by a group of guys(around 3-4).It was awkward for others too.It happened in the afternoon in Blue line metro. railway station here is unsafe it was early morning and we were a group of 3 girls. it was really bad. it was really bad. it was really bad. it was really bad. it was really bad. it's usually on the street and was really bad. it was really bad. it was really bad. it was really bad. it was really bad. it was really bad. it was really bad. it was really bad. it was really bad. It was a very bad experience. It was a very bad experience. It was a harrowing experience. It was a harrowing experience. It was a harrowing experience. Four guys in an open jeep made indecent remarks.It happened in the night. catcalls,commenting and ogling in the area in the afternoon. catcalls,commenting and ogling in the area in the afternoon. Commenting,ogling and catcalls in the night. While walking some men or say boys were staring and commenting.It happened in the evening. In a park,nearby college,people use to harass sexually.
It happens all the time. Group of boys passed comments. It happened in the evening. Whistling near new delhi metro station.Alot of drunkyards in that area. it happens quite often during afternoon and evening.
Also,touching inside the metro happens alot. while walking towards the hostel two guys made weird facial expression which were inappropriate. Some boys were passing comments for my chinky look. A man was following me. A man was following me during afternoon around 12:30 pm. some guys were making different facial expressions in university campus delhi in afternoon. In Mumbai, in a Harbour line train. It was late afternoon around 4-5pm. 
A guy on an incoming train catcalled and ogled at me. I ignored him. I got onto a bogey myself and proceeded with my journey. 
On the station i got off at i see that the man is following me. And it was not my imagination, he stared directly at me and even grinned. 
I went to the nearest cop (they're always present on every station) and related the whole thing but unluckily the bastard had run away as soon as he saw me going towards the cops.