 There is a girl who loves having sex and getting paid then she buys sweets for us but she wants to stop the habit ,what should she do? If a boy insists in having sex with you what should you do? If a boy comes and asks you if you can be his girlfriend why do you always keep him in your mind and even if you don't see him after a long time i still think of him ,what should i do? What can a girl do when she feels like having sex and she does not want to break her virginity What if your boyfriend wants a kiss I have a boyfriend and is disturbing really disturbing ,what can I do ? If a boy tells you that he loves you and he really means it , and you  do't love him and if you tell him so and he refuses to here you what do you do? There is an uncle who touched my private parts  and there is a day he greeted me and I refused but I felt like I disrespected him. If you have sex will you get HIV and AIDS If a boy buys you school staffs should you accept or refuse? A group of boys came on their bike and snatched one lady's purse and ran away If a mother has sex with an infected man will she have HIV ? A girl asks why do people have sex ?Why is it hard for girls to say no when a boy says they love them Is it bad to have a friend who is a boy and you trust him If a boy disturbs you daily then you abuse him verbally what will he do? if a boy tells you to prove to him if you love him and asks you to kiss him what should you do? Girls canned on their buttocks when are on their monthly period hence causes more pain and blood flow. A girl reported that a teacher likes canning the girls on buttocks. a teacher is caning girls on the buttocks Older boys beating young girls A girl loved by a boy in their school. there is a teacher who like touching girls on the private parts,caning there buttocks while touching their buttocks asking how many clothes does the girl has There is a boy who wanted to touch a girl on the privates but she refused and beaten the her a girl traveled to upcountry and met a boy and had sex, when she came back to Nairobi met the same boy seducing other girls some teachers  are seducing girls in school A Girl caned by male teacher while uplifting her uniform. A girl being seduced by a boy and he disturbs her most of the times. A girl disturbed by her schoolmate who want to be her lover. A man wanted her to be her girlfriend,he told her on her way to shop. A girl followed by boys when sent to the shop. A girl seduced by three men as she went to buy vegetables for supper. A girl forced and threatened by a man to be his girlfriend. There is a boy who likes disturbing a girl in the same school There is  a boy who is in love with another girl but she do not want Some boys like embarasing girls if they refuse to be there girlfriends There is a boy who always disturb a girl  and always insists to touch her #NAME? A girl being seduced by her teacher. A primary old girl is pregnant and her friend does not know what to do There is a boy who is seducing a girl and the girl does not want him There is a boy who told a girl that she love her from the same village a boy somewhere is seducing a girl A girl is being seduced by  boys,they like following her every where she goes There is a man in the village who is seducing young girls and if they refuse he is telling them that they will beat them a man in the same village is seducing a girl who is in primary A boy and a girl prefects are in love in the same class and they usually go to the toilet together. A girl is being seduced by boys in the same school some boys called some two girls when they were from school and they refused and they started abusing them a boy is seducing a girl in the same school a boy in class five is seducing a girl  in the same school a girl is being forced to get married to an old man A boy is forcing me to have a sexual relation with him, When I tell my parents they accuse me of seducing him first violation was 2015 in my school when boy attack on me to touch my chest is strong than me soo i just go to the home and stay in silence i felt depression because my family close minded i dont say anything 
the 2 violence was in 2016 when i go out to market street in a crowd boy touching my ass i see him but i stay in silence cause im afraid from the society view that does not support the girl this 2 accident make me lose my own confidence 
3 time was in 2017 the same place groupe of boling boy touching my ass i felt a terrible feeling  so i encouraged and i gonna to screamed in public on the boy ho do this thing so is try like he dont now thing and just one boy in public supported me soo after this accident when i became age 19 i regret of the silence i wished if i went back to time and colled the police i had block one boy after that he tried to hack my fb account but i could not able to do. but i was very scared. She was assaulted by the delivery boy,who entered her house and groped her. Filed a police complaint. Incident has not changed access to location Incident has not changed access to the location Incident has changed pattern of accessing location The person was robbed on the road. the individual has faced indecent staring at the location and feels unsafe because of the crowd At the crowded station, the lady found herself being stared at, ignored and did not take any affirmative action. mobile snatching mobile snatching reported assault by a delivery boy Three men robbed two girls at the apartments, upon breaking and entering: Chain snatching, phone theft occurred. A young lady bag was snatched from her. Dangerous predator known for harassing and abusing women and children Been sent nudes and bothered by men online This is the area that was described as yes for sexual harassment near Jai Hind College and Government Law College, near Churchgate Station. No specifics given. Me and my friend were going through the area and suddenly a boy in a car intentionly asked us if we were free and will join him for a ride Physical abuse and sexual abuse  to revathy by family members .Mother-in-law   foce  to do suicide and not giving kids to revathy.please  save life of revathy and her kids . eran las 14 de la tarde y un hombre me robo  el celular When I was 9 years old. I use to go to park everyday at 6:30. A boy used to beat me. Then I complained about this to his mother. robbery Would just like to report. I was in the gym.Working out my last set of exercise.Everybody left.I was the one all alone.He switched off the camera when he did that ,I really don't have any idea what was his intentions and suddenly the trainer came all over me. He was trying these stuffs from two months earlier. two persons came on bike and threw water balloons on her, wetting her completely I was walking home from my coaching institute.A car stopped beside me for 20-40 sec, the guy driving the car was masturbating in his car and then he drove off. tried touching her hair and then commented how beautiful she was. a friend of mine was sexually abused as a 12 year old child,by her swimming instructor for over two months. She did not realize the gravity of of the situation and what was done to her until, much later someone in metro was rubbing his private parts following ,calling and messaging from diferent contact numbers me along with my one more friend were along the ridge area when three people were following us and eve teased everywhere I was sitting at window seat in a bus a boy then thrown a balloon on me we were in a rickshaw my mothers purse got snatched a guy texted me  on  whatsapp and he is doing this till date as he have different number a guy send me online messages which were my own photographs there were so many comments about my legs and also my other parts then he called me and asked me to meet him then this matter was reported to police and he was warned inside the metro a male was staring at private parts of a girl and she was feeling so  uncomfortable men on road stare at me felt nauseous due to excess cigarette smell feeling uncomfortable, while people smoke bidi and cigarette on the footpaths My cousin sister was sexually abused by her father once when he was drunk. I have faced eve teasing in my locality during dahihandi festival. when I was going home from college, boys are teasing me very much and that happen everyday. I want the boys to be arrested by police. When I'm mostly travelling in buses, trains et. It's happened to me. I was getting out of the station when this guy pushed his body against me and was trying to touch me indecently. Nothing much happened, but still security is a concern Ladies fighting &amp; abusing in ladies coach. Ladies fighting &amp; abusing each other in ladies coach. need more protection for senior citizen She sometimes feels unsafe. Once she was traveling to CST from Sewri in ladies coach and during a fight they got physical and started harassing each other. Pulled me &amp; hold me, kissing, groping Beggar Harassing, touching Ogling, Groping, Intimidation, pick pocketing Touching/Groping, Intimidation, Pick pocketing Touching, groping &amp; hitting bad touch, groping I got this issue known from my senior in my college. one of the adhoc professors used to ask his girl students why they are not accepting their friend request in FB and sometimes to go out for coffee and asks to come alone in his cabin to discuss things. During Holi celebration a male employee applied colour inside a female employees mouth and poured water over her within the office premises. she was not okay with it and reported the matter I saw a man who does nothing but due to some kind of misunderstanding (regarding ATM) a lot of people hit him. He was following me since 2 days. I was on a rickshaw with my friend.Two boys on a bike came near our rickshaw and tried to snatch my phone from my hand. My gay friend is constantly humiliated by some of his college friends because of his sexual nature. A police man was behaving in inappropriate ways with some gay men. At old delhi railway station. A man was urinating facing the road near hansraj college and flashing the pedestrians. Me &amp; my friend were at state bank ATM. Suddenly a man came &amp; forcefully took all the money from her. eve teased in the trains and slapped too. drunk men were harassing. i was feeling elpless since i was new to the city and had nearly no idea of the routes, the auto driver misled me to a wrong place kalyan is a small crowded city, there are tons of rick stands outside kalyan but the most irritating part of the stands are the rick walas who are at times very rude to deal with. one junior of mine got married after completing 12th, which is sad because education is everything in today's world and marrying off the girls before completing their education is madness. it gets really disturbing during the night when you are travelling alone and roads are deserted hence more police are required on the streets My Chain was snatched while I was in the rickshaw. senior supervisor tries to get touchy dubai is a wonderful country but the men their are mean and harsh towards women. i got horrified by the police men there who were very rude. when i was with my girlfriend, a group of middle aged men were watching porn in public, they seemed drunk. this was at waiting hall, ISBT, kashmere gate I was watching a movie with my friend at Fun Cinemas, Kota, and someone sitting beside me was watching porn on his cell phone We came out from mall around 10 pm, We were walking with friends and suddenly two guys on their back tried snatching one of my friends bag. Luckily she was holding it real tight While on the way for purchasing books,i was in the bus and my wallet was in the bag and when i depart at the bus stand i got to know that my wallet is no more in the bag I was beaten regularly by my husband, especially after he was drunk I was regularly beaten by my husband especially when he used to come home drunk I was in a rickshaw when suddenly two guys started following me on a bike. They started whistling and passing inappropriate comments. I was in a rickshaw when suddenly two boys started following me on a bike and were  whistling and passing cheap comments whistling and kissing actions When I went to my husbands house to resolve the matter(fight) along with my brother on 15th June 2016 around 7 30PM. It has just been 4 months for our marriage. He came from out and just started shouting telling my brother to get lost from the house,when I said don't you say that to my brother he in turn told me to get out of the house. After this he started abusing filthy to me and brother and he pulled my brother and started pushing and throwing out of house. I went in between to stop him pushing my brother but he pushed me,harassed me,his parents were also involved in this. All 3 of them i.e husband,father in law and mother in law started pushing me out of the house.when I tried to pack my bags they were fifthly abusing me and my parents.i was packing my bags and they just started throwing the bags out of the house in the rain. He even kicked the bags which hit me while I was picking the thrown bags outside. such a rude behavior and this is not the first time he has abused me.a lot of times he has verbally abused me saying mother fucker,rand, chinal, and he has pushed me several times. I have filed an FIR complaint with the police for my and my family's safety. I hope you people help me to give him the right pusinhment. my husband's name is Harish Kumar, working in NetApp. Father in law's name is Maruti Rao and mother in law's name is Indumati. I look forward for your help.

Thank you 
Nikitha He was friend of my brother. He used to call me at any time, be it 1 am or 2 am. After few days he proposed to which i refused. He started threatning me like say yes or face the consequences. . Like uthwalunga, goli maar dunga, and lot more Students of Karachi University are protesting against yet another sexual harassment case. This time it’s students of Masters from Urdu department protesting against a teacher known for sexually harassing not only students but teachers as well.

This is the fourth year in a row when students have accused a teacher of sexual harassment in Karachi University and a teacher currently serving as high up as Dean of Faculty is on the list of such teachers. Students have gone on complete boycott of classes until administration removes the said teacher from the department. The said teacher is a famous name in the country’s literary circles and he has been known for verbally and physically harassing students.

Student Advisor Ansar Rizvi had promised action against the said professor working in the varsity on an extension after retirement for over three years and touches around 80 years of age.

Reports of over eight female students have surfaced so far while students are taking no chance with the teacher against and demanding immediate removal from the faculty.

Karachi University has formulated a committee to investigate the matter however students are vary of the results since other teachers accused of harassment were cleared through inquiries and continue to teach at their respective faculty.Dean, Faculty of Administrative Sciences is looking over the matter and he promised swift results to the protesting students. In my apartment, I stayed with my friends. In morning, there was a guy sitting next to my friend, I was shocked. The moment he started touching her, she screamed. Since then we were scared to sleep alone. The person escaped, and knew the structure of apartment as well I was married a year ago, and my husband had an extra marital affair. I got to know this from his mobile, and it was confirmed within few days he is having an affair. Within few days he left me, and I was pregnant. I aborted the child, now on the verge of divorce I was sitting in an auto waiting for my friends to arrive when a man appeared out of nowhere...and started asking me will you be my friend...I know I don't know u but I want to be your friend...he was trying to touch me but the auto driver stooped and made him go away...later I was told he was drunk dint knew what he was doing. Saw two boys on a bike of around 20 years of age eve teasing a girl who was walking down the road. Probably to the metro station. a lot of eunichs thrive in this area and extort money from students and locals alike. if refused, they misbehave i was travelling in the bus alone when the guy behind me started singing songs. young school children are bullied by outsiders. five young boys were fighting with each other on the streets because of which the residential are was disturbed. the place is safe eough but doesnt have a proper transportation service There are still some villages which have no electricity for ex Patrapada in Bhubhneshwar. Please take appropriate action first on this rather than working on Digital India . I am a frequent traveller of Mumbai local trains, just like most of Mumbai women. I take the harbour line train, which goes from Mahim to CST. I have seen many a time after 8 pm the train gets empty, and there is no presence of RPF personnel. The railways should look at increasing security in these routes Was followed by man on bike, while I was walking home from bus stop. This incident took place in the night around 6 months back. It was Muharram and a man touched my friend on her private part and went away.It happened in front of the mosque. A boy used to harass my friend everyday in front of the complex in the morning. Its been around 3 months. A boy said something inappropriate to my friend.Its been 6 months and happened in the afternoon. staring This happened to my friend around 3 months back in the evening. She met a man who was inquiring about some bus route. Later he asked for her phone number. He used to call her constantly despite of disinterest by the girl. One day she shouted at him and after that he stopped calling. A woman I know was harassed around 6 months back in the night. my friend was harassed in sanjay camp at night.Its been more than 6 months. It happened at my house. My brother harassed me and also misbehaved with me one night.
Its been six months. Neighbor using vague language, shouting, creating nuisance, foul &amp; bad body language. Extremely dark road to walk on. Absolute No No if you are alone. Must carry pepperspray in your hand when walking here even to catch an autorickshaw. Bikers will catcall/whistle relentlessly. Hi Team,
We surveyed Sohna Area which is in Haryana . We have found that the area is highly vulnerable to local people and their violence. We need strict law here . I get scared to take the sky-walk. It is not very crowded as people avoid climbing the stairs. Drug addicts or drunks are seen lingering on the sky walk. Happened to a girl who married someone outside her community. The boy from her community tried to throw acid on her. Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Choglamsar (Leh) (evening)
Catcalls- at Choglamsar, Leh market and school in Leh (evening/day time)
Commenting- at school and Leh market (day time)
Touching- at school (day time)
Sexual invites- at Choglamsar (evening)
Others- asking for phone number (day time) Many youth after drinking in  the open street were abusing a girl. Some people gathered there and saved the girl child from there but there should be a stop to these activities. Indecent Environment in this area with lot of drunkers. I am shocked why there have been no incident reported from the Pink City.Eve Teasing is so very common that it happen to girls almost every day.Well Let me share 1 such incident of my friend.We were studying in 1 of the prestigious girls college in Jaipur and were staying as a paying guest in C-scheme jaipur.Two of my friends went out to market to get something when suddenly 1 car came. I think they were 4-5 boys in the car.One of them tried to drag my friend in the car by groping in wrong place.Luckily the other friend saved her by shouting .It was so dreadful.She still cannt forget the incident..This is not just 1 case.. These kind of incidents keep happening there .. Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Taking pictures- on 28th March, 2016 in Agling (Leh) (evening)
Catcalls/Whistles- at Skalzangling and Leh market in 2016 (day time)
Commenting- at school in Leh (day time)
Sexual invites- at Leh market (day time)
Others- asking for phone number (evening) I am a frequent traveller of Mumbai local trains, just like most of Mumbai women. I take the harbour line train, which goes from Mahim to CST. I have seen many a time after 8 pm the train gets empty, and there is no presence of RPF personnel. The railways should look at increasing security in these routes. I took a taxi from borivali station east for thane, after reaching there he asked for night fares even it was day time, after 5am, asked for 70 rs toll, although he didn't paid the toll, just used a name to avoid toll, and most important i gave him 2 notes of 500, he quickly exchanged one with 100 rs note and said i have only provided 600 inr, i have read about this incident many times, so i knew about the fraud, so i checked again and found my claim correct, so after the intervention of security guard over there, the taxi driver went away. too bad i didn't noted the taxi number, it was maruti van	. two girls of this college who are now pass outs were ragged when they were the new admissions against their wishes . children are ridiculed by older boys who make fun of them regarding their dress sense and their financial condition. I took a taxi from borivali station east for thane, after reaching there he asked for night fares even it was day time, after 5am, asked for 70 rs toll, although he didn't paid the toll, just used a name to avoid toll, and most important i gave him 2 notes of 500, he quickly exchanged one with 100 rs note and said i have only provided 600 inr, i have read about this incident many times, so i knew about the fraud, so i checked again and found my claim correct, so after the intervention of security guard over there, the taxi driver went away. too bad i didn't noted the taxi number, it was maruti van a man old enough standing near two girls who were busy talking stared at both the girls so cheaply which discomforted both of them. I am a frequent traveller of Mumbai local trains, just like most of Mumbai women. I take the harbour line train, which goes from Mahim to CST. I have seen many a time after 8 pm the train gets empty, and there is no presence of RPF personnel. The railways should look at increasing security in these routes. 4 year girl went missing 4 year old girl went missing 4 year old girl found missing &amp; then murdered. 3 drunk people got in 1st class ladies compartment &amp; no help received from Railway. Many of the youth after drinking in mountain area throw the bottle there which make it difficult for women and children who collect the wood from the forest as the glasses of bottle leads to injury in their legs. A few of the people have reported that MG Road is the most unsafest place in Gurgaon.

We need a bit more police and other constraints like cctv cameras to make it more safe. A survey was done with some local people and was found that Gurgaon has the most unsafe roads in the state with a high risk of accidental deaths. We obseved many anti-social elements like people using the place for loo, smoking, drinking etc Inappropriate lighting and road blocked with multiple riskshaw-walah loitering around Hi Team,
Yesterday we have surveyed from TCS Powai near Heritage garden.
What we found and observed was there are some areas which are covered with trees and the area near Garden &amp; Mountain square it looks like its unsafe, coz the area of the Garden looks open and wide clear to see any one from out side. There are open wires at Hiranandani Kensington A wing near Octavius lobby, which can be really dangerous for anyone. there is a alcohol shop in this locality where a group of boys residing at banganga stare at girls walking back home and mentally harass them. they are around everyday at 10.45-11pm at night One boy grabbed my hand one of friends boss called her in the cabin and commented that she was looking nice and tried to kiss her was harassed by my male teacher in tuition. I was alone as all the students had left. on my first day to college, i wore abaya as i dint get uniform and wasnt comfortable wearing color dress.i was the only girl wearing abaya. so the students started asking me questions like who i am, where i came from, why am i wearing abaya etc and made fun of me.they asked me not to wear it saying that it looks like a bat. i felt really bad and was crying. i dint listen to them and wore it everyday. even now they keep teasing me and everyone calls me a bat. this report will allow you to understand why girls are forced to commit suicide. You might be seeing on tv and news these days, how girls commit suicide because of blackmailing and sexual harassment. This is my story. I am 15. I had gone to visit my friend and on her street i noticed a guy staring at me. He was 18 or 19. He even winked at me, whistled, commented and what not. I ignored him and paced to my friend's place. I told her about this incident and she was mad at me, she wanted to go and confront that guy. We forgot about him and talked about ourselves for the rest of the afternoon. In the evening, i was totally shocked when i saw the same guy enter my friend's house. she introduced him as her brother and that's when i was speechless. the guy grinned at me dirtily and went to his room. My friend that day had got me a dress and she wanted me to try it on and show it to her. I was in no mood, i was disgusted, i wanted to shout at her brother, tell my friend all about him, but i kept quiet. I succumbed to her pressure and went and changed my dress. After showing her the dress, when i was going back to change into my original one, i noticed him standing near the staircase smiling in an evil way. He blocked my way, held my hand and forced me to see a video on his one. I was horrified when i saw its my video while i was changing my clothes in the toilet. i started crying and begged him to delete it. he said he will only if i have sex with him. at that moment as i was pleading and begging, i don't know how i got the strength to slap him. my friend heard the noise and came out where we were, i told her everything, she was speechless and did not know how to react. she cried and said many things to her brother. things were never the same after that, neither was i. I was alone at my rented room,my husband had night duty,somebody knew this and the person threw stone on my door, i was scared and next day I told this to my landlord. i fell safe as i do not have faces such  thing in my life though i find this normal two boys followed me while returning back to kathmandu. they kept on talking to me. They were so irritating. Some boys use vulgar words while texting. They do send random text always. I was walking alone when a guy came and asked me my address and phone number. He even forced me to give him my number. one of the girl of about 6 years got raped by her own father. one of my friend was beaten by belt by her own uncle. he was not happy with her last exam's mark. I was traveling in a bus. It was so crowded. there was a pick pocketer. He was trying to snatch my bag. Later I ttold every one and everyone shouted at him and he ran away. when we were going to home some boys teased us. They commented us. One of the boy from my community was blackmailing a girl to have sex with him. Later he was arrested by police after she complained to police. Near to my house, there was small grill factory. Most of the employee are male. One day while i was going to shop. Some boys teased me. They even do write rough words on wall and van. In my neighbor, there is a family where a husband beats his wife. I was walking home alone a group of girls teased me. When I was returning back from my brother's home. I was teased by a group of girls. they were commenting on me. I was with my group of friends in festive season. It was night time. We passed by drunk people and it was all fine till this. Later one of my male friend had to go back through the same way. while returning he was beaten by those drunkards. My school friends comment wrong about me. My seniors in my school bully me. they laugh at me. When I was going alone to my uncles's home. A group of boys started using rough words as I passed by them. i was when i was returning home from school i saw numbers of boys teasing school girl as i find that  girl very scared so i realize that its not good to touch others mentality My sister had been to botanical garden with her friends. There two guys proposed her and forced her to accept the proposal. those unknown calls from unknown person really irritates me I feel safe till date but sometimes i got unnecessary calls from unknown people and i avoid them. its couple of day ago incident. from the backside of my home there is a open ground, somebody came and stares from the window of my bathroom. i was scared as suddenly i saw smone looking me from window and i hide myself..  but again after some days he repeated his act. i really got frightened. I was  forced to hug this stranger on my way home I saw a boy forcing a girl to kiss him,he was also touching her her I was coming back from work and using laini saba grounds route,a man appeared and came straight to me statrted touching my butt.on seeing people coming he ran off fearing for his life on my way from school  I mate some boys who forced me to stop and talk to them. I witnessed an aged drunkard woman seducing a young boy .the boy had money and think that’s why the woman was seducing him .she touched his chicks and lips. The boy pushed her and walked away. I was kissed by force by an unknown man I was  forced to hug this stranger on my way home while I was going home I met a boy who was forcing a small girl  to give him a kiss I was  in bakery when a man entered into the bakery and walked    straight to a girl and told her how much he loves her .the girl walked out on him,she didn’t know the guy there was a boy whistling at my friend on our way home,my friend insulted him and told him that she would report him to the chiefs' office a boy was forced to kiss an elderly woman on her lips I saw a boy forcing a girl to kiss him,he was also touching her her I was coming back from work and using laini saba grounds route,a man appeared and came straight to me statrted touching my butt.on seeing people coming he ran off fearing for his life he always tells me that I should not walk with other girls beausse I have done an arbotion,it fells so bad becauses he accusses me of nothing I have done he forced me to kiss him My boyfriend forced himself on me while trying to kiss my vagina but I escaped after I screamed for help and ran off. he asked me to come and greet him in his house where he tried to take advantage of me Aboy forced me to kiss his penis but I refused and ran off a woman was rrescued from men who wanted to rfape her,they all escaped my friend calls me as am in church to rush to his boyfriend's home.i got there and found her outside the gate crying,she was almost  raped by the boyfriend on  my way to town in a vehicle,I saw a woman running naked outside men were really angered with this that they started insulting her. a class eight girl was bought sweets and told to remove her clothes by the man who bought her the sweets when she refused the man raped her very early in the morning going to church,two men who were following her caught her and tried to rape her before she screamed and ran away my friend took me  to a man's house the man had offered to teach us our homework.when we reached there my friend left me with the man who started removing his clothes and advancing towards me. I was lucky as I escaped rape by screaming and running away my neighbour comes out of the house during weekends half -naked when my little sisters are out playing.he then goes ahead and starts shouting to attract attention my sister and I were walking going home when we met these boys who stopped us and took our purses from us and then grabbed my sister by her thighs and said..&quot;you are the hot one&quot; we were attending a funeral ceremony at night and there wa music when men came out of nowhere and attacked us.they stole all the speakers and raped a girl I was in a vehicle going to school and then we got to a stage where the tout decided to change us onto another vehicle, I tried to stop them becausse we were getting late but the driver insulted me..&quot;you bitch shut up&quot; a girl was being beaten and dragged by her hair on the road a guy slapped a lady's back and it wasn’t in a good way,when the lady complained the guy slapped her  and started calling her names on my way back home from work aound 7.30 pm a stranger was whistling at me as I tried to ignore he came up straight to me and told me &quot;you day I coming&quot;.i was scared. I was passing by the railwy line when I came acroos two men.one of them was licking ice cream and asked me to have the ice too. As the other one commented on how good I would look with the ice cream boys seated around a nursery school just around a corner whistle and comment as girls passed me beng included she was walking home in the evening and a man she didn’t grabbed her by her hand wanting to touch her private parts.she fought him off and fell in a ditch.she felt bad as she was all dirty and smelly after a man being caught by his wife cheating,he got hold of the wife and beat her up leaving her bleeding and taking off with the other woman a man seated next to me in a bus starts  to talk to me and I ignore..he insults (stupid prostitute) and dares to beat me. Iwas rescued by the other passengers in the vehicle a lady was asking for her change in a matatu when the tout refused to give her back her money as he arguedthat the lady didn’t knw how he worked and so shouldnot start teaching him how to do his job.it took the intervention of other passengers for the woman to get back her money a man was beating his wife until one of the neighbours called the police who came to her rescue a man was beating his wife as the children watched.It was quite a disturbing scene for the the children in a matatu from  langata some men boarded the matatu and sat beside her and kept starring on.she felt uncomfortable as she could not tell if they were thieves or not.on allighting the men told her that she had nothing they would want as evrybody else laughed. &quot;I feel a strong hatred towards ladies but dont knw why.&quot; a certain lady who is a dancer was beaten up by unkown men in a club who left her half naked and people started commenting on her he tried to force me to kiss him The girl waas on her period and the bioys was forcing her to have sex with him when I was going home last Friday I was forced to kiss a person whom I don’t know my friend wanted to take me to her man's house and I ended up the relationship a girl was beaten up by her brother because he found out that she was not going to school and using the money being given for fare to walk around with bad girls The father of the girl died and the mum got married to another man. The step father did not like the girl and forced her to go and stay with the aunt. The aunt in return gave the girl to work for another woman and the aunt is the one receiving the payment my husband does not take care of the family by providing the basic needs and since I do not work I depend on him. my father and mother have neglected me toward my well fare am not going to school and I sleep outside because they are all drunkared and come back late. Now I just pick plastic bottles to get something for me to eat when i was returning home with my friend, i saw 4 boys harassing one girl. they were touching her and unlikely were showing her nude pic on the mobile. my friend was robbed by gangs of local boys when he was returning from his relatives house. teasing while going to school and while coming back from school from the local boys of bhatbhateni area in a wedding ceremony, one man try to tease me and my sister. he was following and watching us A Gang of boys come to the house in the gairidhara area and robbed the house. they show knife and loot all the jewellery, money etc. One couple who was dating with eachother from quite a long time but due to religion issue guy throw acid to her girl fren one guy repeatedly calls me and harass me. i have told him manytimes not to call me or follow me but he didn't listen while I was walking on the street some girls tease me and threw small pebbles on me to get my attention towards them I am a man and I have seen lots of girls facing such problem and its not good I saw some boys teasing girls on the street harassing by calling and repeatedly saying that he will kill himself if i won't accept his proposal. on my way to school in the morning ti me few boys followed me and tried to show me pron videos and picture. it was very disturbing i am a boy and i study i 9th standard.i saw two girls were fighting  cause of their boyfriend than i clicked photograph and uploaded it in  facebook.is it also a sexual harassment ? on my way to school at morning time, few boys followed me and try to show me nude photos. one of my friend had proposed me. I didn't accept him. he used to force me accept him too much.He used to come to my home and ask me to meet him at unnecessary hour too. When i was walking,some boys were staring me which made me very nervous. Teasing when me and my friends were going to visit.They were teasing to us. a guy stared and teased me at boudha. he was a stranger. i was on a crowded vehicle where a middle aged man leaned on my back. even after sometimes when the bus had space, he didnt move. one day when I was returning from school, a group of boys teased me by showing facial expressions and commented on my dress. while i was travelling in public vehicle i got  blank calls and messeges When I was walking at road a group of boys were teasing girls who passed by. they were whistling, singing songs and teasing girls i usually get blank calls and messages i was messaged with rough words in facebook i was asked some stupid question by a man while travelling in same bus and he was commenting on me and asking for my number and i denied to do so finally he get off in his station an i felt comfort a group of boys were teasing, singing and whistling at me while i was walking on the street when I wasn't in my classroom somebody used my phone and sent porn video in my phone. they had even left a note to watch it it someone whom I love. my friend gets unknown texts and  nude pictures from unknown numbers. i got a call from an unknown person he says that he know me. while I was returning back from my college, I found a group of boys teasing and singing to every girls passing by that side. One day, when I was travelling in a bus, I saw a group of boys teasing a call. They were catcalling, whistling and singing at girl. Was followed by a 15 year old boy at the skywalk. (vile parle) some boys at college took my pic n then made it viral around the college boys group. i came to know from my friend about this n actually that boy   liked me .but i was afraid a lot yr . a boy following each day from andheri station behind me i used to go office in crystal plaza daily he used to follow me . me n my college fren were returning to our home and one guy came to talk to us and told us he have interesting stuffs to shows us. we were unknown to that person but he insisted us so we went with him to narrow subway and overthere he shows us the pron site. while traveling to hospital from home to gangalal hospital. few guys followed us. we thought they will stop but they didn't even after we enter to hospital. we were scared while going back to home from market, few guys followed me and when there was no light at street they ask money with me when i said i dont have any peny they bit me while travelling in public bus i was going to my uncle place. i got the sit in bus but after 5 min two guys entered in the bus who looks powerful n muscular. they touched me, teased me and make me feel embarrassed and they pulled me from my sit and they sat over ther. I was going market and at that time two three boys were teasing one girl. The girl really seems scary and she was sweating. I also followed them. The girl was walking very fastly. The boys did not stop following her, they end up going her home and their was big issue on that time. Her sir at her boarding school tried to assault her. I was going to buy a few things on my cycle and 2 men on a bike kept following my cycle and after sometime crashed into my cycle, shouted a few things and ran away. I was coming back home from my friend's house and a drunk man kept following me till my house and even shouted abusive words at me. the boys in the group started to stare at me and whistle at me one day i was on my way to home and two other girls were also with me and one boy came and stand near those girls and started to stare them. tuition teacher used to touch in the chest and used to talk about sex and show pornographic video some guys tried to snatch my money and locket some guys used to harrassed me when i was back from the school and this incident made me psychologically and mentally disturbed one may asked me to go with him and i was so scared aso i ran away people offering the lift on my way to college and even if i deny they used to follow me showing vulgal pictures through fb mgs to one of my relatives 3 boys followed me on my way to college. when i was returning frm college the groupm of boys wear teaching me. about my class 10.there was a boy senior who used n say that he loves me a lot. i dont like him at all.blackmailed me with showing different emotions. he was not lisenting to me.he broke his head injoured of me. that was total harreshment for me. my friend was travelling in bus she was alone and the guy sitting at front came to her side and started coming closer. some guys tried to snatch my purse when i was going to home after school some stupid guys call m and they try to snatch my watch. but luckily i ran away from there. murder by the boyfriend as she wanted break up i saw people rubbing to girl in my area. honor killing
muslim girl want to marry a hindu man. acid attack acid attack it is the case of acid attact. the girl rejected her boyfriend due to personal problem and the other day the girl was walking with another boy and the boyfriend attacked her with Acid a female was travelling in micro bus. two man came and snatch her mobile from window and ran away one of my friend went for outing with her boyfriend on valentines day. few group of guys were teasing my friend when she was with her boy friend. they went out oif that place without a word. one day one girl was coming to boudha. and there are many boys  and boys are harresing that girl. the husband exploit the wife physically making the doubt about going to job. this incident really disturbs the children of family as well as other neighbour I went a shop near by house. I asked him to give me as bread then he asked me to pull him up from the chair. When I was going to office one man asked me for umbrella sharing, he was so rude and forced for my umbrella sharing. While returning from the college a guy followed and then he asked for my number I didn't gave him still he tried to touch me I cried out loudly then he went away. I was purposed by one of the friend when I said no the came to my house and cried every time, It kind off tortured me. I was on the bus, my mother was sitting opposite to me. Just then a man sat next to my mom and the man started staring and talked to me and he asked for my number, address. My mother then scolded him. My niece got messages from her school teacher on FB which are dirty, sexual and vulgar. While I was crossing the road, the motor biker shows dirty facial expression like giving flying kiss. I was in Nepal telecom to pay bill with my sister. I felt urge to go toilet then I asked a guard there where the toilet was? He instructed me to the toilet and when I came out he was standing there just then he tried to catch me. I later complained it to the police and he was arrested. I was proposed by one of my friend. I said no to him due to this he distributed my number to his friends and they started to text me. I blocked their number afterwards. some group of idle boys sit at usalama bridge that connects lindi and laini saba harassing, chasing and even sexually abusing girls on their way to school when I went to visit my friend I found her brother and he told me to sit and he came and removed his belt and wanted to rape me but he did not succeed my mother sent me to her friends place and when I reached there I did not find her but I found her husband he told me to wait for her and he removed his clothes and put on a towel ans came close to me and kissed me my mother sent me to the shop at night and when I was on my way I met an old man who tried to kiss me but he did not succeed my father sent me to the shop and the shopkeeper told me to enter and help him carry a packet of milk into his sitting room. He then tried to rape me but his son knocked the door and that saved me he tried to force her to have sex with him Lucy a physically diasbled child assaulted by the step-mother get physical injuries the child was rescued and taken to a safe house A man randomly appears in front of me and asks about a certain location to which i showed him the directions, he later asks em to accompany him and smiled saying that he was safe to be with. some group of idle boys sit at usalama bridge that connects lindi and laini saba harassing, chasing and even sexually abusing girls on their way to school when I went to visit my friend I found her brother and he told me to sit and he came and removed his belt and wanted to rape me but he did not succeed he tried to force her to have sex with him A family friend was peeping through a gap in the window while I was changing. i had gone to the sunday market in tees hazari. a guy was following me in the market and looking at me inappropriately. he made indecent gestures. i kept ignoring him and was also reluctant to tell my mom about it. this guy kept on with his act, finally i lost my cool and i went to him and shouted at him for making me so uncomfortable. he started lying to me that he did not do it, people around gathered and started hitting him i was going to my friend's place. i noticed a guy standing close by staring at me very inappropriately. he was making indecent gestures this happened to me a year back when i was going to the center. a guy would follow me and that scared me. i always ignored him. then one day i received a call from him, i had no idea how he received my number. he would send me messages and insist that i be with him. one day i mustered the courage and i called him and told him to stop troubling me, i even abused him, and threatened that i'll inform the police 3 months back i was being harassed by a man to an extent that it depressed me and changed my lifestyle completely. i was scared about everything, even going out for work. on my way back from work, this guy would follow me from the bhoomiya dev temple on the main road to wherever i went. he even clicked pictures of me on his phone. he told people around me that he loves me and would slit his wrist if i dont come to him. he even threatened me that he'll harm me with a blade if he saw me with someone else. i do not know how it ended but it was the worst thing happening to me i used to drop my brother at a tuition center in block-a. this guy who might have been following me because i saw him several times just staring at me and walking along. he approached me and asked me to be friends with him saying he liked me a lot. i told him to not trouble me but he kept persisting. i was so scared that i changed my brother's center but it did not end here, he started appearing on the street where i live. my friend was being harassed by a guy in her neighborhood in sanjay camp. he would make gestures hinting at physical intimacy TWO MEN FOLLOWED ME TO MY HOUSE followed me from malabar hills to marine drive followed by 2 bikers on different bikes I had gone to buy alcohol at a local shop, 2 men passed such obscene comments at me saying I am a characterless woman because I drink a drunk guy started following me from the shop where I was standing my bag was snatched on the riksha, this happens a lot here a biker tried touching my breasts, I pushed him, he fell off the bike and hurt himself and started abusing me, I called the police followed by 2 men on a bike a guy walking behind me was singling sexually explicit songs stalked by watchman of my colony I was followed by a group of 3 men from my office to the metro station, they went off after that followed by an old man I was going to college for my exam, two bikers blocked my way and asked for sexual favors, I pushed them and ran I was followed from metro station. followed I was followed on the metro my friend was stalked by 3 men in a car I was followed I was followed by a senior from my college I was followed from the market, first I thought I am imagining it, I was sure after a while 2 men approached me in the market to go to the nearest hotel. Just because I am a foreigner, they thought I am available my friend was followed by someone in the evening I was followed by a group of boys from the movie hall to the auto stand I was stalked by a man near my college for a week my friend was followed by 2 men from metro station, she tried looking out for a police officer but did not see anyone she could trust to help her I was followed by an uncle who owns a shop in my area I was followed by a guy from my college to the bus stop I usually go to a guy threw hot water at me saying I was wearing short clothes, I was so so scared and could not believe what just happened a guy in the park keeps taking rounds behind me when I walk stalked for days I was asked for sexual favors by a group of men in a park where I went for my walk I was followed from metro station to my colony my sister was followed by 2 men I had gone to the clinic for dental checkup, dentist touched my neck inappropriately, and started breathing heavily on me as if he was sexually excited followed by 2 men on a bike catcalls and sexual songs I was followed by a man, I could not see him properly followed by a man followed by riksha driver who seemed drunk stalked by 2 men I was going to the market when a car approached me and said he can drop me, when I refused he said that sex will be good followed by a very old man who kept asking for directions as an excuse a guy was looking at me masturbating near the metro station entry, first I was not sure what he was doing, then he started groaning and I saw it chain snatched of foreigner in the market, people tried helping but the men ran away, they had a knife abused by shopkeeper who said he wont give me stuff because I am inappropriately dressed I was followed by a group of 3 men from my office to the metro station, they went off after that follwed home by a guy on bike a man followed my mother when she was returning from market followed home followed by a guy in my colony I was followed home I was followed from school to home by a man I think I know lives in my area, I was scared to inform my parents, they might stop me from going to school a car was with 2 men in it was following my car, I tried deceiving them I was followed from my school to the street I live on  by 2 strange men, I thought they'll rape me, I was so scared I was followed by an old man near the market a boy from my school is sending me obscene messages to sleep with him and follows me too I was followed by a boy from my school I was followed by 3 men from the main road I was followed by a man who was on the bus I was on my friend is being followed from the metro station to her house on some days of the week my friend was followed by 2 men a man was masturbating near the station and was leering at me I was going to my college and a guy started commenting near the metro station I am noticing an old man following me near my house I was coming home from work and a man on the street asked me to sit in his car and go with him an uncle in my colony is following me, since he is known to me I don't know what to do I was followed by a drunk man I have been noticing that a guy follows me from the metro station to my colony entrance, it scares me, I don't know what to do because if I tell at home, they will blame me I was followed from the metro station by a guy on the bike, I pretended to be on the phone I was followed by a biker from the metro station on my way back from work. That day I got late from work, the street lights were not working either I was stalked by a man from the market to the street I live on. I tried misleading him my sister was stalked by a guy from the rk ashram metro station a man ran away with my purse when I was on the riksha at the red light I was followed by 2 men all the way to my house I was travelling back from chattarpur to north campus in an auto. The auto driver started to slow down and made a weird eye contact with another auto driver. I started shouting at him, he then quickly drove and dropped me at the metro station. I was so scared about what could have happened 2 boys (16-17 years old) on their way back from school noticed me walking on the road and decided it was a fun idea to walk behind me and have a casual conversation about how they were watching an attractive butt move a guy was looking at me and touching his private parts in the Sunday market as if he is masturbating. It was so gross an auto driver followed me and kept making indecent remarks, since many people were not around, I was not sure how to react and I quickly went into the bylanes so that he wouldn't follow me further I was followed by 5 boys who kept laughing and passing comments I was stalked by a boy in broad day light, he kept making indecent gestures everytime I looked at him the street lights on most roads are dimly lit, I felt someone was following me and when I checked, I was right this happened to me after 11 pm, I was out for a walk and I was stalked by a man, I quickly returned to my pg then I was getting back home from the uttam nagar east metro station and I was followed by two men on a bike. There were no street lights around on my way back home, I saw a girl being pulled and pushed by a boy towards his car. When the girl retaliated, she was slapped and hit. After much of hitting and abusing, the girl was hit with blows and thrown on the road and I heard the boy shoutingn that &quot;now you know what happens when you refuse to come along with me to my house&quot; while coming from a sub center to my place, a guy near mehrauli followed me. It happened thrice at that place. I informed about this to my parents after which they had asked me to quit my job. But fortunately, I was given another sub center, though I informed the management about this incident later on I WAS GOING TO PAKIZA TO BUY SOME STUFF. ON MY WAY, A PERSON STARTED FOLLOWING ME. I WAS VERY SCARED AND SO STARTED WALKING FAST. I QUICKLY ENTERED THE STORE AND WENT SOMEWHERE TO HIDE. Her step mother beats her and makes her carry 20 litres of water, then if she doesn't do she beats her with sufurias until the small girl has so many bruises at the neck and face In the bus from Panjim to Ponda one man started following me and came into the bus. Bus was crowded. In sometime I got a seat. He came and stood next to me and started touching his private parts to me. He opened his chain of his pants and started using indecent words My worst experience is when once I was travelling from Ponda to Panjim by a bus named Jyoti (GA.05.T6644). When the bus conductor came to know I was a half ticket passenger, he started saying bad things using very bad words. Happened to a girl who married someone outside her community. The boy from her community tried to throw acid on her. Happened to my friend, harassed at a public place and even slapped her chain snatched by a man who is nearly 35yrs old when i was walking on the road two bikers snatch the lady chain when the girl off nearly 25yrs. old was coming from job at borivali railway station the store keeper stalking at her while i was waiting for my bus at the busstop, two people were staring at me. i started noticing a man at the jasola metro station ogling at me for a couple of days. I knew which station he would usually get off at but after a few days, he made extra efforts to follow me on my route. I complained to the metro officials. A man was teasing me while others were watching. My father treated me very badly in our native place, he beat me everytime. My mother and her brother had to call the police to stop this. While jogging in my neighborhood I have been catcalled, stalked by car and on foot, had men scream at me for ignoring their whistles and comments and openly ogled.  Once while this was happening, I saw and tried to flag down a police car to help me, but though they saw me, they just drove off. An unknown man was seated next to a group of girls in Row F in theatre nbr 2. They were watching the newly released Minion movie. Shortly after interval this man took his pants off and flashed his penis at these innocent girls and then sat down and defecated . Right there. 
Horrifying and Sickening. 

They complained to the cinema authorities and they took the man to task I was crossing the road and a bunch of rowdy riders deliberately swerved and came right at me to scare me and then make cat calls and rushed off the subject was following me for a few minutes, I tried to go home, which was a few meters away. In the middle of the street a car stopped, opened its door, under a subject and told me to get into the car. Shout and try to run, he got in his car and left I was coming back from my college in a private cab. As soon as I reached my stop, the driver said he wanted to call a friend he forgot his mobile at his place. I gave him my mobile to help him but he called himself and saved my number. Then next day onward I used to get calls messages, after 2 days I told my dad and then within a week I switched my number Age: 15 years
Type of harassment:
Staring- at Leh market in February 2015 (day time)
Stalking- at Leh market in February 2015 (day time)
Catcalls- in Leh  in 2016 (day time/evening)
Others- “will you give me phone number of yours please?” (day time) Someone tried to strangle me. I was going to school.A guy showed me his sexual organ. I fell safe that I have note faces such thing up to date but today onwards I am aware about many things when i was returning home after school a man in bike snatch my bag from backward unnecessary comment were given,bikers guys comment us while crossing or walking on road. the college boys take phone number from reception and give us bluff call and bother us by calling at night time. throwing water ballons and dirty water to girls during holi targeting our private parts. when i used to go out the boys near by my house use to tease me by joining my name with other boy. they use to stare, comment n whistle. a person who is very famous as a wellknown social worker in this community writes me message everyday in fb inbox and says he loves me and gives different kind of gestures This person always text me in my phone and writes what he is doing, where he has gone, how spent all his day, when even i have told him not to write n tries to lure me with different things, I have blocked him but he still send me message from different numbers vulgur message on my facebook One of my friend purposed me but I rejected him. Then he blackmailed me and tortured me by sending letters written with blood. When me and my friends were in market we saw a boy who was scolding his girlfriend in public place. I was going to school, the road was quiet a man came near to me. I tried to ignore him but he came near me and tried touch my ear then I realized that was trying to snatch my golden earring. I shouted thief then he ran away from the site. I am a guy. There was mentally retarded girl in my area who was manipulated by a man for marrying him. His parents were complaining about it later we found her in Gausala and rescued her. I was travelling from my office to home late one night as I am a journalist. Two men started following me when I was riding my bike. They followed me till I reached home. They were commenting on me in indecent manner One man dressed in a military uniform started following me from Panjim bus stand till Patto SBI ATM. He was passing comments and his facial expressions were weird and scary. someone was following me Was followed Been touched, whistled at and followed I was followed by someone Someone was stalking me i was standing on the platform waiting for the train. i noticed a guy staring at me. next day again he was there staring at me. this went on around for a week. and then he came to me and asked me for my name,college name,address.i ignored him,but he was still asking and followed me. i got angry and warned him that if he bothers or follows me again i will lodge a complaint against him and after tht he never followed me. When I went to gateway of India. There was a crowd there as usual. I felt some negative vibes from the crowd at the back.  And a man passed through me pushing me by the shoulder. I thought that it could be avoided and was done purposely. two men catcalled at a few of my friends. we ignored them and walked ahead but they followed us to a certain distance before going away. a good friend of mine was followed from the metro station to her PG in malkaganj by a guy on the riksha. she did not confront him but it scared her A group of guys started singing songs and whistling as a friend and I were walking back home from tuitions When I went to my native place with my father, he beat me up so much there that my mother and brother had to call the police and save me. Some boys started following me and commenting about me. A bike rider tried stopping me and when I did not stop, he hauled insults at me saying&quot; your bent legs, you dumb, you are ugly&quot; teachers  beating  students teachers  beating  students teacher beating pupils on the buttocks teacher beating pupils teacher sexually harrassing student teacher bating pupils teachers  beating students teachers  beating  pupils teachers  beating  students teachers  beating  pupils teachers  beating  pupils When my friend was travelling in an auto at night the auto driver took her to an unknown place. Luckily for her she found help and was saved. There were a group of boys who threw water on my ass A lady was hypnotised. when she woke up she was found in Haridwar without her jewellery The victim got down from the car and was waiting for her two friends outside Block C at Connaught Place. Her friend arrived and when they were walking towards the parking area, two people came on a bike and snatched her bag. teacher beats girls on buttocks teacher beats pupils on buttocks teacher beats pupils on buttocks teacher harasses girls by touching their private parts. teacher impregnates primary girl teacher beating student teacher beating pupils beating of students by teachers. teacher beating student teacher beats pupils teacher beats pupils teacher beats pupils teacher beats pupils teacher beats pupils teacher beats pupils teacher beats students teacher beats pupils teacher beating students a girl is sexually harassed by her fellow classmate teacher beating students teacher beats pupils teacher beats pupils teacher beats pupils teacher rapes pupil teacher beating students on the buttocks. teacher beats pupils on the buttocks teacher beats pupils on their backs teacher beats student teacher beating the student on the head teacher beating student on the head teacher beating student teacher beating student to give him the sister phone number and touches their bodies so that they are not caned and had sexual relation ship with a minor teacher beating students on their behinds until their sanitary towels fell on the floor teacher beating the student on the back and the waist boys following girls to their house and trying to touch them step mother chasing a girl out of the house at night teacher seducing girls and beating them on their ass teacher beating students teacher beating student teacher beating students teacher beats students teacher hitting student on the chicks teacher beating students teacher beating student teacher beating student teacher sending the student to seduce the sister teacher beating pupils teacher beating student teacher beating pupil teacher beating students teacher beating pupils teacher beating pupils teacher beating the student Beaten and snatched everything including books by mother, denied food, sent away mother Teacher beating children Stalking Stalking Eve teasing, commenting I was on my way home when some boys on bikes tried to touch me. they were following me and tried to snatch my purse. A man followed my friend and me when we were returning from college. Stalking, eve teasing, touching,groping A group of boys followed us and asked us for our number Two boys followed me on my way to my tuition A group of boys stalked my friend and me I was followed by a group of drunk boys on my way home a man started masturbating on seeing my friend alone in an isolated area. he even tried to follow her Chain snatching While returning from my morning walk, a man followed me till i turned around and confronted him. poor street lighting and unsafe area near the metro station taking pictures and making videos Using of medication like himalaya products like muscle relaxation oil which is ayurveda on private parts on revenge in 1995 by  mother' brother . Big issues.And fingering  by auto stand! area near the nsit campus is isolated and quite unsafe an incident of attempt to rape was reported a few days back a guy followed me to my way back home and kept staring continously touching at inappropriate places and pushing deliberately a group of boys in the car behind us tried to make a video of us walking a group of boys following me to the nsit campus and constantly passing comments a group of guys stalking in a wagonr with tinted glasses chain and purse snatching poor street lighting indecent exposure no street lighting, unsafe to go in the dark a group of guys tried to follow me throughout the r d rajpal way poor street lighting and an unsafe area sexual invites and stalking poor street lighting and a very unsafe area commenting and indecent actions by a group of boys a group of boys in the car recording a video purse snatching by bikers a very dark area near the metro station and regular incidents of sexual harassment take place a black zen estilo with tinted glasses followed me throughout my way back stalking... stalking.. boys in a car sang indecent songs while i was crossing the road touching stalking and commenting stalking rikshaw puller tried to take me from the wrong route , however panicked wen i shouted at him. (on the way to IP university from Sector 14 Metro Station) stalking... lack of conveyance , improper street lighting drunk men in the car followed me around on the road stalking.. stalking... stalking.. some guy followed me all the way to my friends home a number of men in a car followed my car and took videos and pictures , they also stopped the car and called us out stalking , no street lighting stalking some guys on a bike whistled past her and ogled her eve teasing on dwarka road while i was with my friend sexual invites , stalking friend of mine while travelling in a metro was stalked by some boys some people followed me and made vulgar comments stalking on the way to tuition stalking , poor lighting stalking stalking guy followed and took pictures stalking , sexual invites stalking and secual invites a guy followed me , i had to leave my bag and run away , had to call my friend to pick me up commenting stalking a group of guys were following us on scooty poor street lighting stalking stalking , touching and gropping stalking commenting and stalking sexual invites to girls stalking  eve teasing eve teasing chain snatching purse snatching a boy on a bike was constantly taking rounds and passed comments stalking and commenting murder stalking stalking and commenting 4 guys stopped the rickshaw i was traveling in and tried to touch me at inappropriate places poor street lighting , stalking Incidents of sexual assault stalking stalking , touching guys making indecent facial expressins some guys commenting and taking my pictures near the metro station commenting , stalking Guys  whistling and then started following me , while i was in the market Some guys  were stalking a girl i was travelling in the bus and one guy kept touching me and harassing me in all the wrong ways. Chain snatching , and the guys were making absurd comments, and indecent facial expressions some guys were stalking  me , and giving sexual invites Commenting , and stalking Some guys were stalking and commenting , while i was going home from college Some boys were commenting and stalking girls, and wee also taking snaps , or photos a chain snatching happened and eve teasing hello sir/madam 
mere naam jagdish sharma h .m apne bhai ki help karna chahta hu , mera bhai mujhe se bada h uski shaadi ho gai h 3 saal pehle or 2year 6 month pehle  vo hame chhode k kiray pr rahne chale gaye h . mera bhai hendicap h 60%. meri bhabi usko marti pitti h or humse nahi mile deti hume phone bhi kre to bahut ladai hoti h . meri bhabi ke sabhi ghar wale mere bhai ko paresan krte h . mera bhai bahut paresan h . is time m unki maddat k liye gaya to meri bhabi ne road par hi tamasa kr diya or kud hi apne baaal or kapde fad kr mujhe hi rape case m fasana chahti thi or police m bhi le gaye . mere bhai ki koi bhi help nhi kr pa raha h please m app se hath jod kar vinti krta hu ki mere bhai ko us dusto se bacha lo plz plz plz nahi to na jane mera bhai kuchh kr na le . vo ladki bahut hi drama krti h . pure din ladai wali novel padati rahti h . samjh nahi aa raha m kese apne bhai ki help kro police bhi nahi sunti , galat koi bhi ho par ladke ko hi galat bola jata h .ap bhi kya sirf ladkiyo ki help karte ho plz plz plz  sir help me my cont. no is 08826862360 Reckless driving Stealing rough roads, traffic problems stealing, commenting, groping chain snatching, wallet snatching, eve teasing accidents due to reckless driving accidents at roads, poor street lights and rough roads two cars have been stolen from residential areas reckless driving in market area a girl had been put inside a car by some people but a was saved by people there. reckless driving car following the girl cases like robbery and theft People tried to follow my scooty when i was going back home Stalked by a white wagon R with tinted windows a cab following throughout and asking for sexual favours Stalking , and illicit comments being passed by local boys Molestation Car with tinted windows and no number plate use to follow daily , on the way to tuition Bad comments about the girl A fortuner having tinted glasses used to follow every day and used to stop in front of Sachdeva Global School , everyday Scooties following the scooty which was being driven by a girl, at the place where the incident took place there were 2 PCR vans standing and took no step there was a robbery in the near by house , where they also tried to rape  or molest the maid present at the home an Accent having no number plates has been following me almost daily, in the streets having poor lights Purse Snatching FINGERING AND POLICE ABUSES From the bus stop where I would board my bus, three cars would pass by one after the other and sometimes even follow me to school. A boy was stalking me and my friend for 10 mins. When we realised he started walking fast, we entered into a crowded place and he touched us badly. I was followed from my coaching centre to my house everyday. The guy kept passing cheap comments. Eve teasing on the blue line metro (Rajouri Garden) Commenting and stalking Stalking, eve teasing Staring There were two big men around age 29, they grabbed the hand of a girl and locked her  in the resting room of the railway station. The security were not efficient to help her. The man initially started abusing a female and later started hitting her. She retaliated later. Some guys used to follow me during the month of feburary ,when i used to travel for my coaching classes yes i have been through sexual harassment several times in my life. Street harassment on auto stand  at hospital road kollam juction. Now near our house musing public . Sexual harassment. chain snatching Two men chain snatching a necklace of an old lady ,no guard or no street light was present pick pocket of my brother some days ago my friend was going kashmere gate metro station while he was holding his tab in his hand than some drugs addicts came and try to snatch while refusing they cut off his hand I was at Chembur station with my real sister when I saw a lady in a burkha hanging around. She used a napkin to the face of another lady who fell unconscious and the lady in the burqa took the unconscious lady's mobile phone. Here it was one woman doing it to another woman. A guy was yelling and physically assaulting a girl on the road at 1.00 p.m. I had to go downstairs and intervene to stop it. Told him that I would report him if he doesn't stop. What was horrid was that people were watching it happen and no one stopped it. One man yelled from his home on the second floor that he would call the police, but that was all. This kind of apathy is quite scary! Guys continously stalking and staring at women and passing obscene comments There are many incidents but to be specific, in Metro Station (Rajeev Chowk) while I was waiting for my metro some people called out names and tried to grope me. Even few girls took my pictures. Commenting and whistling I was going to home after office my office hours.It was already late in the evening and had to catch a cab instead.And that cab driver couldn't get his eye off me which I felt kinda offensive. When I was riding scooter, A micro-bus overtook and both the driver and conductor of that blue micro bus said,&quot; Are you new in riding scooter, how slowly you are riding?Should we teach you how to ride?&quot; This type of comment I got several times. When I was riding my scooter,I was riding from my side but a big bus came from wrong side and the driver laughed at me and over take me very dangerously,I thought I died at that moment.I face this type of incident several times while riding my scooter,riding scooter is not safe in kathmandu Commenting and ogling Harassment on the metro feeder bus. A lady going in a cycle rickshaw was asked an address by some boys. When she tried telling them the address, they snatched her chain. Lady wearing jewellry went to her friends house to attend a pooja. On her return two boys came on bicycle and snatched her jewellry. We were drinking near the Park. Some people came and tried to rob us by showing us a knife and made a nuisance of themselves. As we were more than them we could get out of there. This was my second visit to mumbai and I along with 4 other friends was sitting at marine drive. There was a group of 3 guys sitting next to us. 
Once we left from marine drive, we noticed those guys following our cab in their  car for like 10 mins and then they disappeared. 
As if this wasnt enough, after 5 minutes we noticed another car which kept on following us till sea link. 

It really makes me think as to why would someone follow you ? 
Just to freak you out and for the sake of attention? 

It was very disturbing. By bus driver while driving scooter shouted and made embarrassed by saying how slowly you drive I was going to my home after my office it was already late in the evening so I took a taxi.The taxi driver couldn't get off his eyes off me which i felt very much offended. The so called 'new age' chhokras of the city have a tendency to accumulate near this lake side street and kick the two wheeler vehicle ridden people, especially women. The guy just stood in front of a door obstructing my way and causing harassment. Chain snatching Some guys used to follow me during the month of February when I used to travel to Pitampura for my coaching classes. Someone I know was a victim of eve teasing and harassment. I was crossing the road with a friend and a group of bikers commented and whistled. One aunty was in a rickshaw Her chain was snatched by two guys on a bike. We tried chasing them in our car but were unable to. One of my classmates stalked me for one month. Some guy had an argument with a girl &amp; abused her as he was entering ladies compartment.
time: afternoon 2-2.30 There were two boys standing in the center of the market and staring at me and my friend. One night when my friend was travelling by auto, the driver took her to an unknown place, luckily she found help and was saved. A random guy started taking my pictures. A guy followed us around Khan Market from one shop to another and then to the parking lot. We had to tell the police officer. There was a group of boys who threw water balloons on my butt. chain snatching &amp; indecent exposure chain snatching &amp; lewd behaviour chain snatching

afternoon 4 pm The guy just stood in front of a door obstructing my way and causing harrasement

evening 6 pm The boy took me to the washroom and made me strip. I was riding a scooty. Other men in bike touched and hit my back part. A conductor said very bad comments to me inside a bus. A man intentionally pushed me away in the bus and acted as if he did not do it knowingly. A person in a bus stared at me continuosly and I was so afraid. A group of boys came in a bike and took out my scaf and teased me. I was very afraid. I saw a lady was so afraid and two men were running behind her. One man came close to me and said that I look hot and he wanted to touch me. I was so afraid. A person contiously stared at me and tried to touch my body part inside a public bus. Two boys blocked my way while I was entering into the bus. They also teased me badly. I was riding a scooty. Two men in two bikes followed me in scooty and teased from disturbing be to ride.; A man in a crowdy place tried to touch my sister's body part. A group of girls were walking and some guys were making bad comments about them and teasing them in a bad way. I saw a girl being teased badly by boys and the girl was so afraid. They even followed her. In my school, a teacher always punished girls although they did not do anything and sexually harasse them. One guy followed me and my friend. One man tried to touch in private areas but I pushed that person away and ran. Group of men pushed me while walking and they even tried to touch my private part. They passed very bad comments to me. A man tried to touch me inside a bus. I was inside a bus. A man came closer to me and tried to touch me but I moved from that place. A few of my friends were walking down the street. A group of boys started whistling and making inappropriate comments. Me and my friend were returning to home from college. We were in a scooty and a microbus came in speed and the conductor and driver whistled and commented to us. A conductor of a bus commented on my dressup and uttered bad words. My friend was badly haressed by four boys while she was returning home from college. Some street boys harrassed my neighbour while she was out at night to buy vegetables. A group of boys always teased me on the way to my home. A boy always harrassed me while I used to return home from college. Group of boys whistled and said different things to my friend. She felt so embarrassed. While I was returning from college, group of boys teased me a lot by saying bad words. A man intentionally touched my chest inside a bus when bus was very pack. I could not do anything because the man looked so fearful. I was alone in the road. One man was standing in the road and staring at me. I was so afraid. teasing with different names While walking, someone tried to snatch my friends bag from a motorbike. An old lady was walking suddenly 3 men came pushed her, snatched her train and slapped her arm and ran away The incident happened to my teacher named Ms Minakshi that one teacher from my school only raped her and later on he blackmailed her and demand Rs50,000 from her. My friends and me were roaming in the street and guys followed us and asked for our no.

Rajpur Road, Dehradun Stalking, Ogling - Seen and resisted Teasing in the bus and roads Simultaneously there was harassment and catcalls followed by chain snatching I saw a girl wearing and walking in a road. A man stretched her skirt and went away. A man touched a body part while we were playing holi. commenting and whistling at me A man followed to me and whistled and said bad word to me. One of my friends was verbally abused by some boys. My friend was harassed by her own boss at the reputed company. He kissed her forcefully without her will. Trying to touch here and there and trying to be close to me and commented on my dress up. A man touched my private body part in a public bus. Touching in sensible areas of my body. I have been teased badly my boys on the streets. A man was trying to touch a woman's body in a packed bus. A group of boys whistled at me and said very bad words to me. I was followed by 5 boys. They were teasing and following me even in the main streets. I was all alone in the bus and a group of boys were whistling and commenting me. They even tried to touch me. One man came near to me and said that my breasts were so nice and he wanted to touch those. A group of boys whistled at me and said bad words to me. One man grabbed my breast badly in a packed bus and ran away from near to me. Some boys followed me for long time and commented bad words to me. I was so afraid. When I was waiting for a bus in a bus stop, a man came near to me said to spend night with him. He even followed me for 30 minutes. I group of boys were staring me badly and passed by by saying unwanted words to me inside a bus. I was walking with my sister. A man clicked our photo and sent that photo to us in facebook by saying very bad words and threatening us. It happened last month with my friend. A man came near to her tried to be physical with her. I was walking with my friend. A man came in his bike and said very bad words to my friend. When I was 14 years old, a man tried to touch my private body parts in the name of playing hide and seek. I saw a man trying to touch a woman's breast inside a packed public bus. A man showed his penis by calling me sisters again and again. Some street boys came near to my sister and pulled her half pant and teased her badly. I was physically touched in my private parts at evening time in a crowded street of newroad. While I was riding a scooty, three boys on three different bikes were kind of teasing me and were trying to come near me. A man followed me until I got into the bus and he even sat beside me. Later he kept his hand in my thigh and tried to be close with me. I felt like so bad. A man looked at me very badly giving so bad expressions. During holi season, while I was going to school, some boys intentionally hit me with &quot;lollas&quot; know as ballons filled with water due to which I was all soaked. Alcoholic Husband abusing wife I was alone at home. Later, my father came from office. He forced me and touched my breast. I cried a lot. while i was in micro bus, somebody touches my back and hair. This happened to one my cousin. She said one man tried to touch her and said her that he would buy her scooty if she spent time with her. A man gave bad signs from hand and teased me badly in a bus. A man tried to touch my breast and ass while I was standing in a pack bus. Two boys were staring at me very badly. I felt so uncomfortable table and moved from that place. One man snatched the chain of my relative and tore her clothes. my sister said when she had gone for a morning walk, a man came in a bike and stopped in front of her &amp; forced her to stay in his bike &amp; go with him. he behaved my sister as he had known her earlier and seen her. me and my friend were returning home after school in public bus. Beside my friend, there was a man. Suddenly that man forced and dragged my friend towards him and kissed her. She stopped the bus shouting and crying but no other people helped us and didnt do anything to that man. while returning back from school on a micro bus which was so packed, a man near by my seat tried to touch me here and there. While i was travelling in my car with my family,a worker on a car repairing shop ogled and made facial expressions which was really disgusting. 2 guys on a bike tried snatching a lady's chain.After a couple of days they were seen commenting on girls who were leaving their college. I was stalked by my classmate and also by .a political party member My friend's grandmother was walking towards rohini sector-16 to rohini sector-18 when 2 boys on bike snatched her chain and abused her. One evening while i was going to my aunt's home,2 boys on bike snatched my chain and pushed me very hard. One day i got a message from an unknown number.I didn't reply.Then he started sending indescent pitures and messages.I had to eventually block him. Two guys followed me and my friend in the metro before boarding and after we got out.They were staring us throughout. 2 guys on bike stopped my car took my keys and entered car... snatched my bag and fled. We were 2 women sitting on a bench and having a private conversation, when we were disturbed by a security guard busy staring at us intrusively. We requested him several time to stop and explained him his ogling was a disturbance. When he ignored our requests, I took a photo of him, which made him nervous. He tried to scare us into deleting the photo, and when we refused he threatened to hit me. The whole incident degenerated into an assault against us by neighbours misguided by the guard. It was a disproportionate backlash for our stand against street harassment. When I realized an angry mob was confronting us, I tried and called the police &amp; women cell to no avail. Basically it seems that for these neighbours, standing peacefully but firmly against street harassment is a greater offence than street harassment itself :( group of jobless people hang around in the lane and at night there are drunk people sitting and starring at all passerbys. This is a complete slum area which is filled with drunkards, drug addicts &amp; this is one of the areas with lots of murder reports now a days.... Beware if you are going there as it is next to the sea &amp; you could be thrown in the sea after torture with no help ... The Tardeo Diana bridge is a very unsafe area especially afternoon times and on holidays. a lot of harassment and chain snatching incidents are happening very often as there are many escape routes especially towards the railway lines. Similarly the small lane below the bridge near Bai RFD Panday GIrls High School and the staircase from the bridge leading to the below parsi colony always has drug addicts and such types of people hanging around drinking and smoking drugs. The bridge is so unsafe that a debris truck since the last 3 - 4 years every month practically dumps an entire truck load of debris tight on the bridge and no body has yet caught him. Imagine what can happen to a woman in such an area....The main problem is that the bridge is divided into two police stations and perhaps neglected for the same reason. I stay at Sindhi colony, sion west, opposite to Old SIES college. I have been noticing a middle aged looking beggar in a lungi standing on the footpath near SIES college and singing some kawwali or something. 2 weeks back, I saw him standing on the footpath of SIES college and singing. He actually tried to block a group of girls with his hand while singing. I was like why don't these students complain to the college security. Anyone seeing the guy for the first time could pass him off as a madman. But I have seen him move from singing on the opposite footpath of the college to doing so near the college gate! Hope some action is taken before some untoward incident happens Hi, The following incident has happened twice with me while walking back home. I was walking in the lane adjacent to kasarvadavli naka leading towards Thane Muncipal Garden side between 8 to 10 pm. Boys passing towards the direction I was walking stopped by..checked me out right on my face and drove ahead. I gave a firm rude look but did not get into verbal fight as the lane was not lit. there were very few people passing by. The most surprising thing... I was dressed in Salwar Kameez on one occasion. Alert One - There is a cheap liqour shack prior Haware residential Project via the lane i was walking...the boys were heading in the same direction which means they either belong to the slums nearby or were heading to chill out at the liquor shack. Alert Two - The place ahead of the liqour shack is deserted ... I have noticed rickshaw drivers and other local boys frequenting this place. Liqour is consumed in open.....I have seen it. The road gets spilt in two directions one to haware proect.. the other heads to a valley like place which is deserted....police needs to have their presence felt here.... Alert Three - These lanes are half lit and some spots completely unlit with street lights Please do something asap about this before a rape / crime takes place. The nearest police station is kasarvadavali police station. many thanks for this website.... The area from Govandi towards Deonar Municipal Colony (west) near 600 tenements where the building are evacuated is very dark during night time. Its very unsafe for women/girls coming home from office in evening. Also the street from Govandi staion (west) towards Tata Nagar is always occupied by hawkers because of which everybody feel unsafe to walk on the road. The auto rickshaw are driving very rashly &amp; with 5+1 people in each in front of police man. Nobody is bother for safety in this Area. Dark places such as subways when it's quiet at night and when there are drunk people in it, makes feel very unsafe. Hi, I am Sheela a college student. I always get pissed when music composers and lyricist target a specific name. I am glad that this harass map has come atleast i can vent out my anger and frustration. I hope some or the other action will be taken for that. With the release of the movie, Teesmarkhan. I am targeted wherever i go. I am quite used to the fact, that people who know me start singing the song, &quot;sheela sheela ki jawani&quot;. But i was surprised and shocked to know that some road side romeo started singing this song when i went outside my building to get the rickshaw. I ignored it at first, but this happens quite often. Its not a coincidence, but a harassment. I am fed up of my name. On a train to Churchgate almost everybody got down from the second class ladies compartment at Grant Road station at about 9 pm leaving just two of us ladies in it. A man looking like a beggar and behaving as if he was insane got in at Charniroad. We screamed for help and managed to get help from people at the station to push him off before the train started. Groups of drug addicts, gamblers and alcoholics hang around the road leading from our society to Lower Parel Station making it very unsafe to take that route especially after dark. Sion local railway station was completely deserted at around 2a.m.in the night and taking advantage of this a gang of men tried kidnapping a women and dragged her from the platform towards the main road and there was no police help available at that point of time. I eye- witnessed it, tried to call on police helpline, but efforts in vain.

towards dadar side bridge I get scared to take the sky-walk. It is not very crowded as people avoid climbing the stairs. Drug addicts or drunks are seen lingering on the sky walk. I ask my husband to accompany me as the approach road to station is not safe. I am student, studying in a senior college. I and my other few friends have been facing torture from the hands of few boys from our college itself. these boys are affiliated to some political party and highly influential too. They call out our names, pass lewd remarks, our names with some sexual message has been scribbled on the college walls. We suspect on them, how do we resolve this problem??? Watchman of Liberty building Tiwari seems to be a child abuser. Feeling children and forcibly kissing. We choose to remain anonymous, this is from an observation. I have noticed young teenage boys buying charas (drugs) at the bottom of the Vile Parle (West) railway bridge. There is a small shanty at the bottom of the bridge and the consignment is supplied by the slum kids (rs. 40 for a small pkt).This needs to be stopped immediately and the illegal shanty removed from encroaching on railway property There is drug addicts problem in whole mahim west area. people are not safe at night in mahim west area. Drug addicts steal petrol, car batteries,street furniture etc in mahim west area. Approximate 100 drug addicts sit at mahim sea shore and smoke charas. other roads at mahim west which are unsafe are mori rd, lady jamshedji rd, cadell rd where charas is smoken. pls do something. Asgarali Compound - Gaodevi. Behind the gate near the Landlord's gate. No proper Lighting, Drug addicts and gambling taking place. Unsafe pedestrian bridge connecting borivali east and west Presence of drug addicts below the bridge Presence of anti social elements on the bridge Very deserted in non peak hours like afternoon and after 10 pm Lights do not function Can find broken alcohol bottles, cigarettes and condoms lying about in the early morning a drug addict was found dead there on 23rd September 2013. Rats had eaten away his body while he was unconscious Also, a lot of men stare and pass comments if the female is unaccompanied and bridge deserted The bridge is deserted majority of ghe day. There are beggars and drug addicts on the bridge manuy times and alcohol bottles and cigarettes aare seen lying around. There are drug addicts brlow the east landing of the bridge and thry behave wildly many times and chase women. Unsafe area - Prabhadevi Market My friend and I came back home at night and some guys outside a bar in Panvel commented and were whistling. CBD Belapur taxi stand, outside the railway station. Goons are wandering in the night. Two individuals asked for directions to jaynagar. As I was explaining the route I saw a shadow behind me. As I turned I was struck on the face. After hitting back I realised he had a large knife on him so I decided to run and scream for help as they were armed and I was outnumbered. This managed to scare them off a little as I was screaming loudly. I sustained injuries to my head and face. blocking of second verification code in phone in my both gmail account. irrating, peoples some hate me using social media and abusing me at public ! i am not Receiving my second verification code for my emails in my phone.some peoples don't  like me using my mails .irrating peoples One couple was walking on the road near a police station and one stranger guy by mistake pushed the boyfriend. They both had a fight. Then the girlfriend lied to the police that the stranger had sexually harassed her. The police punished the stranger. When I was waiting for the bus, an unknown person asked whether I want a lift in his car. He spoke in a very dirty tone. And when I started clicking the photo of his car's number plate, he fled away. A bunch of losers (weird guys) kept tailing me and my friends (all female) as we shopped in Lulu Mall, Kochi. They kept following us from one floor to another even entering the stores we went to. After a point they even tried photobombing us. We got rid of them  only on leaving the mall. Two separate instances, the 1st one,that happened last evening at 5.30 ryt next to a temple,( to indicate that it's not a lonely area) 2 youth on a bike tried to grab a ladies chain, they failed..so they went ahead , turned n came back n snatched her bag n got away..                                       2nd instance same street just around d corner (few meters ahead) laptop was snatched from a young grl.. Two unruly men in a White Maruti Swift (HR 26 CD 8118) first reversed into my car at a red light, when the traffic was stock still, even after I'm repeatedly honking them to stop. 
As the light changed, they manoeuvred 2 cars ahead and the driver showed his middle finger amidst their raucous laughter within the car. 
The light changed at the busy intersection before I could hail the traffic cop. One of our brother, Wilungbou chawang from (zeliangrong community) found dead in Chirag delhi last night around 11pm. Heard that, he was beaten up by the local people. His body was found in a drainage.His body is in AIIMS now, further reports are awaited. A man followed me from the station to my home, whistling and whispered in my ear &quot;charming&quot; before leaving. THE  grama panchayat has  impose public  nuisances   on cases  which i file to than to polices station   (  WE NEEDED TO GO FOR MRI SCAN WITH A RELATIVE AT UPSANA HOSPITAL AND I NEEDED TO CHANGE MY CLOTHS.THIS PERSON OPENED THE DOOR TO MY MRI SCAN AND I WAS ILL PERSON . THE DOOR WAS CLOSED BUT FORGET TO LOCK IT.  (The same person which we  to  the  hospital  for treatment in auto rickshaw .)HE OPENED IT ON PURPOSE WITH ONE OLD MEN STANDING NEXT TO HIM THERE WAS FILLED WITH CROWD! !) i don't know any monkey acts shown  by public !some actions ! i just the actions out ! My wife was on her way back home from work in her car. She was on the left of the road waiting for the traffic to move. There was a car with 4 men who tried to cut her off by taking a left without following road rules. My wife did not allow them to take a left. A little further from the spot where this happened, the car with the 4 men, stopped her car and glared at her from their car before driving off. A boy of Age 15 years attempt to theft bike , but due to Live monitoring through CCTV, boy captured and send to Police Custody. a car with 4 boys crossed really close to me and hit me a group of guys were eating popcorn and they started throwing at me and also passing very cheap comments. many guys in a car were following me and friend and commenting guys were following. group of guys were following they were in 3-4 bikes. in the chem dept of du i saw a making video of girls by a boy in a washroom. a small girl of about 5 was being beaten up by a man with a thick stick near kamla nehru the guys were commenting very cheap the guys were commenting and following me inside the metro station. catcalls/whistles,commenting,others in parks,murder happns due to theft and chain snatching .parks are not safe for people. chain snatching,commenting,ogling/facial expressions,others she was kidnapped and raped. ogling/facial expressions,touching/groping,others Catcalls Commenting and indecent exposure a guy tried to steal my purse from my backpoket but i scolded him Catcalls Commenting and bad facial expressions, taking pictures, indecent exposure, sexual invites Catcalls Commenting and bad facial expressions Chain Snatching, commenting, and ogling i was with my friends when a bus drove twice and turned towards me and the mens inside the bus passed comments and laughed which scared me the guy was tring to speak and foolowing me and friend and making signs ,he ran when started shouted at him a group of boys followed me back to my community while i was coming back from Dwarka Metro Station. A man started following me after i refused to give him my phone number. This incident took place today outside pvr prashant vihar around 3:45pm. 

Me and my friend were walking towards my car and swift desire with all black tainted windows started following us. Even after we got in my car, he was still following. When my friend got down to take an auto, He was still there and after that he went. 

Even after tainted windows are not allowed jow, still the car had all the windows dark  black, tainted. He threatened me by making inappropriate conversation.(threatening one).It happened in the afternoon. He threatened me by making inappropriate conversation.(threatening one).It happened in the afternoon. This incident took place at rithala metro station in the evening.
There was a guy and girl.Suddenly that guy started beating a girl.When i complaint to the police,that girl refused and denied the same.


There are many many incidents which we cannot explain in a single or two or many forms like chain snatching,commenting,touching,facial expressions,bike followers etc. A crank caller continuously called and texted me via message.I informed this to my father and filed an FIR against that mobile number and from that day onwards i am not getting any calls or texts from the same guy. I was waiting for a bus and a guy came and stood beside me.I walked so that I could get an auto but this guy followed me making lewd gesture.I was so panic stricken that I wasn't able to make up my mind whether to call for help or take out my pepper spray.Fortunately the auto arrived at that moment and I was saved.It happened in the night. This incident took place at the night in the main market.
Four friends in two different cars.One ofthe friend shot his friend sitting in the other car.
Police was already there. It happened in the north campus in the afternoon.While going on a rickshaw, a group of boys followed it doing the categories selected. I was with my sister and her friends.We were waiting for an auto outside dwarka metro station and finally we got one and then we were followed by a group of guys who were in a car and started commenting.It happened in the night. I was with my friend near Chhatarpur where a car followed us from the vasant kunj Mall toll Metro station and they started shouting from the window.It happened in the night. This incident took place near noida metro station in the morning.Saw a woman scolding and small child very badly. My phone got stolen in the Delhi metro during the night. boys in the car followed me and my friend.It happened in the evening. This incident took place near SRCC road.The place is unsafe at night where many terrible things can happen. This incident took place on 6th jan 2014 at Rajiv chowk metro station in the evening,I was at CP and was sitting at a lonely place and a guy walked upto me and he wanted to engage in a conversation. Rickshaw wala tried to take a girl into the wrong way and called over his friends to come for her.It happened in the morning. My bag was snatched by 2-3 guys who came in their motorcycle while I was in a rickshaw.It happened in the afternoon. A car started following us (2-3 girls)while we were in a rickshaw and then the rickshaw bhaiya took a different way and saved us.It happened in the night around 8:55. harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment when I was travelling in bus someone stole my purse which had my college ID, library card other important document I was in  the bus and my phone was stolen an old man stopped his car and asked me to enter. inappropriate behavior in the evening. my mobile got snatched and i was abused. pebbles were pelted on me. auto driver kept on driving to absurd places. A man was beating a little girl brutally. i was sitting on rickshaw and one guy came and snatched my mobile and gave abuses. Walking from janakpuri metro station to aakash institue and a small little children tried to pick my pocket. while i was crossing road a car with 2-3 boys crossed really close to me just about to hit me while i was standing just below the footpath. A person stalked me. i was heading to my hostel in a rickshaw when a strange guy startd taking with me and he accompaniedd me to my hostel and asked my number. Catcalls,commenting,touching and others in the buses. stalking and commenting from bike...in the evening... Catcalls,commenting,touching and others in old delhi. Catcalls,commenting,touching and others in the area. Catcalls,commenting,touching and others in the area. an aged guy in a bike was foolowing and commenting on me two bikers came on one bike, the guy sitting behind snatched wallet. the guy kept on following me untill i reached inside my campus. a middle aged man put chewing gum in my hair we were in an auto and three guys came on a bike and snatched my friend's bag. in that process she fell from that moving auto and she became unconscious . she hit her head and couldn't remember anything There were two guys at the metro station.They approached me and started telling me about Delhi and its daily cases.Eventually he asked me to do friendship with him and when I refused and moved forward he followed me and started praising me and asked for 'Friends with benefits' by saying it from behind.This incident took place in the evening. Inappropriate behavior in the afternoon. I was followed when I was walking alone in the North campus near Daulat ram/SRCC and when I took a rickshaw,he followed me till Kamla Nagar.It happened in the afternoon. A guy in the car was continuously stalking.It happened in the night. auto driver kept us driving to places other than our destination. it was really bad. it was really bad. it was really bad. staring at us always and even invite us into cars. it was really bad. it was really bad. cellphone got snatched. When i was crossing the road, i was on a call and my cell phone got snatched by a bike driver. Somebody was hiding behind a tree and calling me to join him. staring me like never seen a girl before a small girl was being beaten up by a man with a thick stick.