 There was a girl who went to study at her friends house ,the friend went out to buy food then a man who pretended to be the headteachers brother and then she raped her ,the girl told the neighbors who helped the girl by taking her to hospital I have a friend who was raped and she now has a child ,she needs advice If your neighbor who is a man calls you and asks you to go and buy for him something and when you come back he forces you to sleep with him what should you do? There was one of my friend who meta man that forced her to have sex with him .He told my friend that if she refuses he will kill her . A girl says there are boys who lied to a certain girl to go study with them at their home and they raped her. A girl says that her friend was raped and now she is HIV positive and she is asking  if someone has been raped are they not suppose to remove their clothes A girl was defiled or raped with three  men  for three days and was almost dying because of the pain she undergone but got pregnant but she want to abort but she need advise A young woman going to Toi market was raped at Karanja Road a girl was forced to have sex A girl was raped by a man,in their house when mom was not around. A BOY FORCED A GIRL TO LOVE HER AND WANTED TO RAPE HER. A man had sex with a girl. A man had a sex with a girl. A man had sex with a girl a form two year old has been touching girls on the private parts and having sex with young children Daisy was raped A girl sexually abused by a male neighbor. A man had sex with a class eight girl and became pregnant. A girl had a sex with a man and she is now pregnant. A girl was forced to have sex with her step father. A girl raped by her father when mother was not around. There was a day that a man wanted to rape a girl when she was from school Some boys tried to rape a girl but she screamed and was helped but they followed her later  and she disappeared #NAME? A girl had sex with a man and she is pregnant right now. -A girl wanted to be raped by her mother in her mother's bed. A girl was raped by her step father and she was afraid to tell her mother. A girl was raped and her friend is the only one who is aware The girl was raped by her biological father and was taken to hospital and treated and then disappeared A girl was raped by strangers at when she was sent to the shop. A girls boyfriend's called his friends to rape the girl because she refused to have sex with her and now she is HIV positive,pregnant and also having STDs A boy and a girl has been dating for five years and the boy insisted to have sex with her and she refused but later called his friends and rape her A girl was raped with her boyfriend and also got pregnant I had a boyfriend but I refused to have sex with him. One day my mum sent to the shop very early in the morning, I found him with a group of boys they had a machete, they raped me, I contracted a disease, I now smell two girls were walking from home and met some men on the road late evening, they grabbed one girl and the other one started screaming for help  the girl was taken to hospital by the residents a girl was kidnapped and another girl saw and reported the matter to the police station the girl was from the shop and met avery shaggy man at night and grabbed her to a near by bush and raped the girl and the girl screamed and the man was caught and was arrested a girl was raped by some two boys when she was travelling to Nakuru she was sent to the shop and met some boys when she was on her way back and started touching her till she was raped a standard six girl is was raped and now is pregnant when she was from school a girl was sent to the shop by her grandmother to buy milk and met some boys on the way and raped her, the case was reported to the police and the girl was helped a girl was raped when she was from the shop  at the corridor and started bleeding on the private parts a smart was being called by some boys but she refused to go  but was forced and carried to a near  by bush and was raped a girl was grabbed and raped in the bush at there rural home by strangers and left her crying a girl was raped when she was from school and now she is breastfeeding a girl was raped from school when they were with her friend and was advised to go to the hospital with her friend there is a girl who is living with her and a step brother,one day the brother forced her to have sex with her when the father was not there a girl was raped on the river side when she went to fetch water Mrs M was raped Z was raped when she went to  disko night and told her friends in school a  girl was raped at 09:30 pm  when she was walking and dissapeared and came home the other day when she couln't walk properly a girl's friend was raped from shop at night.The place was very dark it on a holiday when a girl was doing her duties at their home and some people grabbed her her to thee bush and raped her, there was no one around to help I was in class 5th. I went to a general stores to get something and the shopkeeper told me that the thing which you are looking for is upstairs and I went with him. Then he took me to his room and tried to sexually harass me bit I bit his hand and ran away.  I still feel disgusting and scared when I think of this incident When I was in class 8th, someone clicked my picture and misused it and because of that I was abuses by may people. there is a man who has been harrasing a young wherever they meet . The girl is even of walking at night because she can be harrased a girl was raped and aborted. She was in pain and experiencing severe blood a girl as raped and she want to do abortion some men are raping girls next to the school A girl was raped by his brother and she is thinking that she is pregnant and also feeling  pain her private parts A  three year old was raped A child was raped by a man till she cried A young girl was raped A girl was raped by her farther Teachers are kissing each other  in front of pupils When I was 10 years old, my friend's father molested me continuously for 1 month on the name of teaching. Two young boys tried to grab my sister when she went here for running at around 7 pm. This was in 2011. Since there was no one there, one boy grabbed her from behind and the other from the front. But she managed to break free and then shouted and started running towards them. TOok one of them to the police station and kept slapping him till the police asked her to stop/ He was in 2nd year. He was coming College from fc street. At that time, one girl was crying badly and one guy was beating her. After some time boy went away and girl was still crying. Writing this on behalf of my wife..she is leaving in jaipur currently for her studies from Mahatma gandhi medical college in sitapura area in jaipur and stays in a hostel close the college B-312,sitapura residency colony near IIGJ institute and i work in bangalore in an IT COMPANY...so the incident came like after her dinner at around 8pm on 19th may, she and one of her friend in hostel went to buy  ice cream at a near by shop close to hostel(approx around 300metre) nd while coming back there was no light in middle and their comes these two guys on bike aged around 28-30..they slowed the speed of their bike nd touched my wife's friend from behind nd then tried to touch on front..nd then my wife shouted. These guys then ran off on their motorcycle, my wife nd her friend was shock aftr this...and today on insisting coz i could make out of her voice that something had happened, she told me the whole story.
And now today ie on 20th may again at same time around 8:30 pm my wife finished her dinner nd was going back to to her room when she saw the same two guys on street passing nd making noices on girls standing in balcony..my wife then hidden herself behind the pole in balcony nd saw them going nd noticed that these guys stay on the same road of their hostel at around 300metres in a house. This is ridiculous. And i wanna use these platform.. to let this go to concerned authorities nd strict action should be taken against these culprits. Experienced Beating and groping Attempted Rape reported sexual assault and north east report A girl between the ages of 10-12 was raped in the public washroom . In last one week as everyone knows that in different regions of haryana 14 rapecases has occurred involving girls from 3years onwards to aged ones.And on the other hand people are protesting against the release of padmavaat.I mean it's shameful that youngsters are wasting their time as well as their power in such issues.Are these rape cases acceptable? And the movie which is based on fiction too is too much important for everyone to raise this issue.Rape cases must be the concern of Haryana government.It is like no girl is safe at any place either at their home,in school,in colleges and not even at their workplaces.Is this our democratic India?? I think no here the democracy is only for the rapists and the culprits. I am also a girl and I also stay away from my home for studies. There are times when I feel so unsafe while walking at the roadside or in the market. Is their any gender equality in India? We talk about gender equality and things like that girls can do everything that boys do but it's incorrect girls can't do such inhuman acts that boys do and where is our government ,where is our law what they are doing for girls. We the youngsters have to take a step ahead in this direction because this is our society our country where girls want to be safe. Almost got raped by a man who asked me for help यहा पर कई लड़कियों के साथ  रेप हुवा हें । रात के वकत घर से निकल ना ठीक नही होता हें । स्कूल जाते समय भी लड़के बसस्टॉप तक पीछा करते हें । Sexually assaulting Ladies please watch out for a 6'4 man in his late 20's he is abusive and will stalk you and threaten you kakariya  garden  in my  taking   pictures jamalpoor  bajar  of  cakla follwing  in  school no. 5.6 the individual was molested and hasnt been able to cope with it and tried to fight back and took the issue up to the church authorities I was sexually assaulted and felt very uneasy knowing very well that i was in a safe place of prayer . ये बश्ती मे आदिवासी सामाज के लोग रहेते हें  । यहाँ पर साम के वक़त बहोत खराब महौल होता हें । पूरी  बस्ती के लोग दारू पीते हें । दो बार  ईश विस्तार मे रेप हूँवा हें । यहाँ पर सिक्यूरिटी  की जरूरत हें । I went out with a couple of friends for A Barbecue Live Event hosting Tiwa Savage at Ng’ong Race Course last year , . A friend of mine and I waited outside the entrance near the parking lot as our other friends went to get us the tickets. A group of boys approached us and got really touchy. I don’t remember most part of what happened because I was drunk but I remember being shoved into a bushy place and one of them got on top of me and started strangling me. I was too weak to fight back . That’s the last thing I remember. The next day I woke up in a friend’s car and I was told I was raped. My shoe was gone and my underwear was only on one leg. The boys were never caught. Male intoxicated female, took her clothes off and proceeded to assault her. Graduate student not from America, targets younger females. ladkiki yonima prathmikshlaka tichar shkrbhina ugliyadali payjama kulavake My friends and I went to have fun at the African shrine but some guys started touching and harassing us. I ran outside but we were followed. We were sexually assaulted and raped. Nobody could assist us. I never went there again. Due to the nature of the victim's job which makes her come home late, on an ocassion some gang of boys cornered her, beat her, raped her and collected her phones and purse.she recognised one of them. We have been searching for the boys but to no luck. My girlfriend went out at night to buy bread and indomie.she came back looking so sad.when i inquired she told me some guys harassed her. I went to caution the guys but i was threatened. Kindly help us put a stop to this.its too frequent in this area. My niece was sexually assaulted when sent in an errand. Her cloths were torn by the harasser who rough handled her when she was trying to escape. Commenting about her hip and figure, that he would sleep with her. My friends and I went to a party.We were given alcohol  and my friend got drunk. The guy she was with took advantaged of her helpless state to rape her. I could not help her.she later got pregnant due to this. A woman was thrown out of the house with her baby without food for two weeks. She depended on passersby for her and baby feeding. She was being harassed and taking advantaged of by hoodlums.Her child too was exposed to danger. On my way from work every evening, i see guys smoking indian hemp, touching and having sex in the dark by the road side at the bus stop. But i mind my own business.On a faithful day, i came across a girl being violated, on wanting to help her, i was badly beaten and my purse and phone stolen. Kindly help us map this area, so people will be aware and avoid being raped and harassed. My girlfriend that i loved so much, told me she was going to visit her friend. About four hours later, my phone rang, she was the one trying to reach me but when i responded to her call, she was not on the line. I was so afraid because i knew she was in danger. So i look for her and saw her crying. She was raped and assaulted by her best friend's boyfriend, named Mr Peter. My sister's friend was attacked and raped on her way home from her friend's house near Balnawa Hotel bus stop. She was afraid to report to the police I saw some guys with a lady walking, holding hands. I thought all was well but few seconds later i had a loud noise and i ran closer to see what was going on but it was late as the girl had been sexually harassed. The guys have torn her clothes badly and left her there. I felt sorry for the lady but couldnt help her. I was getting a massage at the hotel and the masseuse inserted his fingers into my vagina without my consent. Staring at people while passing from Kings Cirlce Station to
Throwing stones/Acid and passing comments to Mahim Station. I've heard that the girls are facing problems like snatching and staring at the Bandra East Station. It is usual to be harassed or stared at by someone or teased by someone. was victim of sxual assault RAPE i was sexually assaulted after a night of drinks with friends by acquaintance . he tried to forcefully get my clothing off . My neighbor abused me as a child for over three months. I was so scared that I just couldn't tell this to anybody. groped while waiting in the line of metro
groped while in the DTC bus
catcalls and whistling A man around age 0f 50 years by touching me inappropriately in the wave pool fun and food village gurgaon A girl was harassed and not supported by family.
At the school campus. My cousin sister was sexually abused by her father once when he was drunk. I have faced eve teasing in my locality during dahihandi festival. A worker in slum nearby this region,sexually assaulted a teenager taking advantage of her mentally ill state. This happened to a friend of mine who was waiting for the opening on forever 21 in saket. she felt something touched her body from behind. after 5 mins she turned back to see a middle aged man with his unzipped pants. A friend of mine was abused as a kid. Happened in her family when her step father abused her physically for a year. happened in hauz khas village-the fort. Happened when I was in school,in an auto that i used to take regularly. The auto driver used to harrasment. Told my parents one day and stopped travelling with him It was a horrible experience. Pulled me &amp; hold me, kissing, groping A friend of mine,15 year old , then,suffered from molestation by an elder who was confining her in his house in the neighbourhood whenever she used to come Home alone from her school. 4 year old girl playing in the temple with her friends and after some time she disappeared and after 2 hours she got  raped. A minor tribal girl was raped by few men and was dumped. Was taking pictures. Was taking pictures. In a crowded train, there as a man who was trying to pull my skirt and touching my privates. Once in my computer classs a senior tried to dope me In a light &amp; sound show, some boys were standing behind me &amp; continuously pushing my private parts with theirs My Chain was snatched while I was in the rickshaw. It was in Kali temple in Lucknow when a cop took advantage of the crowd and kept touching a girl less than 13 yrs old inappropriately. Due to the crowd she didn't realise it immediately but soon realised he was continuously pressing her breasts. While going to school some boys were following me and talking rubbish my watchman tried kissing me and has tried doing it many times. He hides on the stairs and when i am there, he tries to touch in wrong places a lot of eunichs thrive in this area and extort money from students and locals alike. if refused, they misbehave a girl says that she was raped where her clothes were torn and she was made to drink something poisonous. There are some unsafe hotels in mussorie who attract people by their cheap rates and then harrase them When I was 9 years old I was sexually harassed by a salesman. I could not say anything. In my building. I searched him but I could not find him. A drunk guy tried to harass in the moving local train. While we travel, we are harassed and because of this we cannot go anywhere.It happened in the night around  months back. This incident took place to a girl who lives near my place at the backside of toilet complex no. 7.

She went to her boyfriend's house wherein she was raped by his boyfriend and his friends.It happened in the night around 6 months back. Whenever I go to the toilet complex, I am harassed. Vulgar touching by stupid bike riders. Just can't expect that. There are some illegal elements causing trouble to girls.
Sometimes some people are seen with indescribable activities in front of girls hostel or in close proximity. Don't know what those fucking shit get doing this.... We went on a school camp in 10 std and we visited the  market and all of us were in the bus. we realised that a man(stranger) was offering us chocolates and was trying to harass and we all shouted and he ran away. We informed our teacher. When the bus reached Anand Rao Circle, morning around 8.40 am in an attempt to wake me up (I was sleeping on last single upper seat), the driver grabbed my breast. I woke up with a shock and didn't realise what had happened, he then informed me we have reached the last stop. I collected my bags &amp; left the bus, still in a state of sleep &amp; shock. 4 year old girl found missing &amp; then murdered. there was a rape that was seen where at 12 am in the midnight the girl was found naked. I was pinched on my a** when I was returning from college, on the bus 29C, and only because I had two stops, because I was told so, not exactly in those words, in English. I could have slapped him, but both my hands were full and my bag was on my back. Also, the 29C is also pretty crowded in the evening so I didn't have enough space to do anything. I wish this was stopped. 5 year old girl was raped by a 54 year old man by showing her money &amp; fooling her into his house. 4 year old girl found missing &amp; then murdered. A woman was snatched by a person &amp; assaulted sexually there was a rape that was seen where at 12 am in the midnight the girl was found naked. A minor person and my best friend raped me while he had invited me in his house when  I was 15. Late in the night there was a couple talking to each other then suddenly the guy got angry on something nd slapped the girl he was talking to. And he was trying to beat her more and the girl was trying to protect her. Even the guy's friend were seeing this but they weren't stopping it. It was really bad. A neighbour defiled 5 year old girls were defiled by their neighbour leaving them badly hurt I heard this incident and I don't know if this is true or not. I heard that one of the old lady got raped by young teen boy. one of the girl whom I know was sexually harassed. she used to go to her best friend's home mostly. She was noticed by her best friend'd cousin. That girl didn't know his intention and always considered him as brother. One day that brother called the girl saying that her best friend is sick.so she reached her home very soon. When she reached home there was nobody in her home except that brother. He served her a glass of juice. She went unconscious and he raped her. Some boys were trying to persuade girls to have sex. It was sexual invite but she wanted to go to home. it happened to my sister. She used to go to college early in the morning. on that day, she was shown sexual organs and she was done unsafe sexual behavior. I was raped by my father in the year 2012 at home I have been living with that trauma my friend was taken to the bar by some men in the morning she told me that she was raped A lady was raped and dumped in the bridge the rapist was found the following day,the lady was taken to the hospital the following day The incident occurred in the evening where the harrassers were planning to to rape and kill a certain lady but were cought before the act and the case was reported to the police A man was cought having sex with a young girl,he called his friend and told him to loc the door from outside There was a man living with an underage girl who he used to tell people that she was his daughter but we came to relise that he was abusing her and using her as his wife,the girl was 14 yrs old there was a girlchild living with her stepmother,the stepmom had a son who was forcing the girl to have sex with him almost everyday without parents concent my friend forced me to have sex in the toilet a girl was beaten by some men who later took her to a house where they raped her and left her dead my sister was called by unknown men who raped and killed her. It was a very sad ordeal my boyfriend lied to me that having sex while standing would not make me pregnant,I refused but he forced himself on me she was on her way home from her grandparents place when a man appeared infront of her and carried her to a bush and raped her Chatting and befriending different people on facebook has made guys sending me ponographic pictures and their persuading me to send mine. a friend I trusted so much sodomoised a class 5 pupil at highrise,I did not reort my mother was raped by unknown men on her way back from the market my daughter was raped by the youths who sit along the river pretending to  be cleaning the river. we were attending a funeral ceremony at night and there wa music when men came out of nowhere and attacked us.they stole all the speakers and raped a girl my drunkard friend was assaulted sexually when he got involved in a gang fight I attended a party once  and was shocked to arrive late only to find a group of guys taking turns to have sex with this one drunk girl,she was my friend I was in a salon doing my hair and the other salonists were busy watching porn and it was on loud speaker.they were even imitating the sounds and styles. a female househelp was raped by a man who brings water to their house.the girl screamed and the man ws arrested there is a man in my neighbourhood who kidnaps girls and rape them.one of the victims said that she was carried away and dumped a sixteen year old girl was raped by a group of four men during one of the Nubian celebration a boy was  caught by unknown men and sodomised after being threatened by a knife a father in my neighbourhood engaged in sexual activities with his own daughter forcefully a group of men brought two high  school girls in a house and raped them.she tried to scream but she was  beaten up I know of a girl who's sister was raped by some naughty boys when shesneaked out of the house at night to have some good times with girlfriends a girl was grabbed by a man and around a corner when she fought back she was stabbed &quot;there is a child where I leave who was raped by someone I know&quot; A woman was raped by robers while going to work very early a girl was raped by her cousin who came for a visit in their house. the girl was raped by her dad I have known this man for a long time, he is a family friend.  Ths evening I was home alone, he forced himself on me. a woman was undressed with some boys who claimed she was indecently dressed. A man had a fight with his wife after coming home drunk, the wife ran away and he raped his daughter. we were playing hide and seek game.  I hide in a neighbour's house when I peeped in his bed.  He was having sex with another kid, I reported but nobody believed they said I was a liar. I left my friends place and went to meet a friend of his.  This lady welcomed me very nicely but as we continued chatting, she put ponographic video to play.  It realy made feel uncomfortable since she was my friend's friend. I met a new boy friend when I went to his place for the first time, he started showing me pnographic movies.  I closed my eyes, I was not comfortable since it was my first date and wanted to know hime bette.  After some time he removed his clothes and showing me his penis. she was sent to the shop when a man threatened to kill her if she did not sleep with him.  The girl ran away My friend told me unknown man touched her butts and threatened her to keep quite when she was passing and tried to unzip her trouser but he didn't manage to rape her somebody came to her rescue. After my dad coming from pub, he comes home, beats our mum and have sex with her while we are watching, we sleep in the same houe ith them. my daughter was playing outside a neighbour gave her sweet and took her in his house.  When I was looking for her I found her on the neighbour's bed naked. my sister is insane.  There is a man who has been taking advantage of her situation and rape her and she is now HIV+ I sent my daughter to charge my phone in my neighbour's place.  He raped her, I feld so sad he gave me money and convinced me not to speak about it.  Am guilty as charged. we had a party, my friends birthday.  We took alcohol but I did not intend to have sex.  The following morning just found myself naked, the had sex with me, was bleeding and that is how I lost my virginity. A child was raped by his uncle and ran away.  She was 13 years and became pregnant a boy was sodomised by his father I was travelling in a bus to nairobi town from kibera and the man I sat next to kept showing me ponographic movies I went out with my friends and it got late.  A man came bought us drinks and the only thing I remember from there is I woke up in uthiru and my pants were ripped off. My step father who is a pastor in a certain Church used have sex with both me and my sister and when we reported to our mum she told us not to tell anyone and my mum used to support his actions.. it was raining at 8:00 p.m. and a stranger gave me lift. I sat behind with other two men.  They passed my alighting point and when I asked loudly my mouth was covered, the two men raped me and  dropped me at Kangemi. I ws married with a daughter, her uncle raped her then he put lotion in her vagina to destroy the evidence.  We took her to Nairobi Women's Hospital and they revealed that she was raped. A girl was nearly raped when she went to the shop alone at night.  From then she has been adbocating for girls not walking alone at night and not talking to strange people I stood at the bus stop, a man stepped on my toes. When I asked him why he did that, he looked at me with very hash eyes.  I decided not to say anything because I did not know his intension. A man found his child playing with a neighbour's child.  He took a rod and hit the neighbours child.  Upon enquiring as to why the man hit the boy, he claimed that the boy had been caught raping his daughter.  The girl was taken to hospital, examined and it came out this girl was not raped. She was hit by a car and was at the hospital while she was in the ward, the doctor tried to rape her at midnightbut she ran away because she had already recovered. her uncle tried to sleep with her when her aunty left for the shop a lady neightbour was taken from her house at night by some 3 men.  They raped her behind our house.  They threatened her, I do not know whether she reported or not. As we were playing near the dam we saw a rasta man pulling a big girl towards the dam.  The  girl was pleeding with him but he could not hear.  After a while we went to check and found him raping the girl.  We ra away. My cousin was raped at the bridge at 42 at night while going to the shop by two men. I was walking covering my head with a cap because it was drizzling.  A man came and ran away with my cap.  When I shouted for help, he said it was meant for men not for ladies. A lady was at the DC stage around 5:00 a.m. to travel to her rural home when men caught her,  she shouted for help but no one came to her rescue.  When people woke up it was found that the lady was raped by those men and ran away with her luggages. a mother was caught and raped by some rasta at the dam site two girls were raped by onknown men at night some two girls were walking at night.  Some men called them and they went, they got dragged into a corridor and got raped a young girl was defiled by an old man where we stay and nothing was done about it. a woman was raped at Laini saba and she was never taken to the hospital. I met a man running after some girl to rape them in a coridor.  The girls were crying for help Got my friend I trusted so much at highrise somomizing a class boy but I never reported to anyone and this is not the first time a school going boy was watching ponographic contents from a mobile phone together with his younger brother whos is still in primary school A friend of mine was invited for a date. Little did she know that she was being invited to a lodgingl room.  When they were inside she asked why the boy had booked the room. The boy smiled and told her that he has been hiding his feelings for the lady for a long time and wanted to tell her that day.  the boy removed his clothes expecting the lady to do the same but she refused and folded herself in a corner frightened until the boy left her. A lady was buying oranges by the road side kiosk, a man who seemed drunk  took one orange from her hand, she asked him why are you taking my fruit? The man said to her don't you know that ladies are the sonkos (have moneuy) of today. A lady reported that, her boss came back from work at 9:00p.m.  She served him food and the man asked her why she feared the man so much and did not want to move close to him and the wife was not around.  He held her and tried to rape her. Fortunately she managed to escape. a housemaid was found sexually abusing a four years old boy in her care.  According to this boy she had been doing this repeatedly touching his private parts. A fourteen year old boy has been sodomising his eleven years old brother they share bed with without their parents knowledge A teacher in a madrasa whipped a fourteen year old  girl in the buttocks.  She was hospitalised  as a result of the incident.  She was allegedly assaulted for being late A class three boy was sodomised by four upper primary boys A man beat his wife they've lived together for four years until she got hospitalised for refusing to have sex with him a teenage girl was molested by a group of boys for wearing a tight skirt and refusing their advances.  She was indecently touched, harrased and assaulted My husband was beating me infront of people because I refused to sleep with him at that morning, he was also abusing me badly touching my private parts infront of people.  Am stressed and embarrased a lot. we were having a party at our job on Friday, I was late to come home so when I alighted at makina stage, I took a motorbike to take me home. Instead of taking me home the motorbike driver took me to his friend where they intended to rape me, I screemed for help and in the process of struggling they tore my clothes and ran away. A man of 40+ years defiled a ten years old girl after convincing her that it is normal and it feels nice to be touched in the private parts Two young men were fighting over a class six girl until one stabbed the other to death there is a video room around this area where ponographic movies are being shown to ayone who has entrance fee regardless of age. a man comes home with young boys to bis house. One day he was in the house  with a boy when a young child got in the house and found the man sodomising the boy.  When people tried to enquire more about what happened, this man disappeared. I was raped at lang'ata when I was sent there. Thank you if you can help[ me a man sodomised me in the buttocks at night. a man raped me and ran away at 7:00 coklock in the night is it bad to have a boy friend? My friend told me to have one a woman was taken away from her house by a group of boys, taken to an unknown destination and gang raped on my way home I met a group of boys carrying a girl and I tried to scream for help but no one came to help. The girl was raped a girl aged 12yrs was playing at the undugu grounds then some boys asked her to take them to their aunt. She was given some money and told not to tell anyone.She went and they raped her a man was tranculized to oversleep then the wife was taken from the house by a group of armed men who raped and dumped her a girl aged 18yrs was raped by a fellow classmate and cut on the leg. She was later found dumped along the river. a 13year old girl was left alone in the house by her mother who had gone to the market and a man came and raped her one night when my friend was sleeping, a man broke into the house and tried to rape her. She tried fighting back but the man ended up stabbing her and raped her a girl came from school, met a man who kidnapped her and ended up raping her a man was showing a porn clip to a school girl then afterwards turned to her for sex without the girl's permission a househelp to my neighbour was almost raped when coming from the market but she escaped they raped me, took pictures of me and strangled me almost to death I was raped by my friends one day as I was passing by the road, I saw a man near the bridge raping a 5year old girl he invites young boys and girls in his house to show them pornography she was sexually assaulted by force against her will My friend died out of HIV/AIDS after she was raped when I was on my way home I met four men and I did not know what to do. They circled me and raped me one day a girl went to help her self out in the forest when a stranger from nowhere tok out a knife and asked her not scream and he raped her her brother tried to rape her and she stabbed him in the leg and ran away she was forced to slep with a man who was infected by HIV/AIDS her father tried to rape her while she was asleep she went to the hospital to get drugs when the doctor told her that the drugs are in the second ward. As she followed the doctor the doctor tried to rape her in that ward. one day at our compound,2 strange men came claiming that they knew my father and so I welcomed them in the house. The next thing I was naked her brother tried to force her to sleep with him but she ran away and did not tell anyone She went to her friends house to look for her when she found her brother watching the movie and he tried to pull her forcefully to bed but she ran away she was raped by a man who was infected with HIV/AIDS she was involved in an attemp rape when she was sent to buy food on the road side and a man stopped her and touched her she was ocassionally seduced by the dad but one time he tried to rape her. She screamed and while screaming the dad tied up her mouth I went to see my friend at their palce and I happened to meet her brother, we started telling stories as I waited for her. The next thing I saw was the brother locking the door and he raped me one day as I was going home from my mothers place of work, 2 men from nowhere appeared and stripped me naked then raped me a friend of mine asked me to accompany him to his house when we reached, he closed the door and threatened to kill me if I scream. He raped me my neighbour told me to follow him so that he can give me guavas. As we went to their plantation he pulled off my cloths and raped me last month as I was going back home from school a primary school girl was raped by an old man when I was going to the shop there was a girl who was also coming towards the shop. As I left the shop I saw her standing with an old man whom from the conversation I heard this man was trying to go against her wishes. I hear that he lated raped her I was walking one day in the evening when a group of men surrounded me, I woke and found myself in the hospital and was told that I was raped I went to visit my sick friend in their house when I found five boys in the room. I sat down and as I sat the boys closed the door and raped my friend and I. my neighbour was attacked by three men at night when her husband was on nightshift and raped her there was a woman who was drunk late at night. She was screaming for help but people just assumed thinking its because she was drunk but actually she was being raped by 6men My grandmother was about to be raped when I called some elders who came to her rescue A mother reported that the child was assaulted by the neigbours known by them. The neighbour also is allegdly said to have threatened the child's parents following the urgument it was during my holiday,I was playing with my friends then a certain boy came and told me that am being called by a certain man, I went when I reached in the room I found that man nacked he closed the door and was forcing his thing on me,I started crying and making alot of noise he got scared and opened the door for me then I ran away. a man who used to take care of one of the toilets in katwekera, he used to tke advantage of the ladies who used the toilets. He was once found raping a 6 year old girl I was defiled by someone I know very well when he told me to go to his house and pick clothes from the chair he came and started touching my breast teling me that he will give me anything I want. I was going home from a funeral at around 2.00 am on my way I met five boys whom one of them held my hands tightly and the other covered my mouth. They took me to an empty house three of them raped me and left me there one girl was raped in the road during night because of no street light. I was planning to buy a socks. As it was evening time and shops were being closed. There I saw a woolen shop where I thought I could get a pair of socks so I asked if I can buy a pair of socks. He said that I was looking beautiful. He wanted to make friend. He asked me to hug him. I refused and wanted to go. He gave me gold chain and tried to persuade me to have sex. I came out and told my friends. they came and threatened the guy. at the time of deepawali, my fren was returning home after playing deusi bhailo. on her way back one guy raped her and its becoz of poor street lights and no police bit and security One night we were returning to our house from party.I saw one boy was trying to touch one young girl.BUT the girl was so afraid and was crying.When we came near to them,the boy run suddenly. One girl, when she was returning from office at mid-night,some bad boys followed and teased her. Verbal sexual harassment, sexual invites,touching, etc. when she was coming from party a man was staring and following her. i usually get whistling and unnecessary facial expression while travelling in public vehicle from college  to home and vise versa one of my friend went to meet her friends. her friends were good friends and took her to hotel where they had beer and they raped her. Chatpate vendor raped a four years old girl. Iam touched by my cousin brother, I feel so harassed but he lures me with different kind of things like he behaves me like he cares but touches in my sexual organ A uncle harassing her own brothers daughter a child girl, I saw, my neighbour I saw a man beating his wife &amp; shouting at her. Touching &amp; molesting rape in the bus when i was reading news papper , i read on news which wear very screaming the news was one girl has raped by 3 people.when i read this news n fill very sreaming. About 18 20 years aged female student of pcl nursing attacked and raped by driver and conductor of micro while returning from evening duty. the couple went to kakribihar (surkhet) for weekend. few other guys were commenting and taking pictures. this behaviour created fights in between the couples and the group. the guys killed the boy and rapped the girl My father waited after my mum left early to the market and defiled me. a 9 years female was raped by neighbours in street while returning from school. the rapist was teenage student of 14 years. the victim was mentally torture and frequently experience seizure and mental disorder. the incident was 19 years ago, one of my friend was sexually explioted by his own uncle. one of my friend have been sexually harrased by her husband inspite of the family being highly educated. After 10 years of their togetherness the girl divorced through they had a 9 years old baby. ONE GIRL RENTED A FLATE N SHE LIVES ALONE THRE BUT TAHT HOUSE OWNER RAPED HER.........SHE CRIED N WENT POLISH FOR REPORT ...........HAPPEND INFORT OF MY HOUSE a girl has been sexually assaulted from many days I HAD HEARED THAT MAN OF AGE 22 OR 23 RAPED AGE OF 4 OR 5 YEARS its been thnree months ago i was reading news papper ...............n thre was a rape case one yong girl was raped by old man.... 45 yrs raped that girl n her parents feel really same n attemt suicide....... The incident took place in my village where 16 year old girl was first verbally harassed by the boy and at last he raped her while the girl was out in the forest, collecting fodders. it was raining heavily and there were no vehicles at the bus station. a personal car stopped at the stage and the driver told two girls to board the car. They were taken to karura forest and raped young boys and girls were sexually abused at undugu grounds in the bushy area of nairobi dam by youths who were high on drugs. This usually happens oftenly despite the area having a policepost at the gate of undugu school an uncle to a minor defiled her at their home in lindi village near crying stone bar a neighbour forcefully drugged a girl to his house, locked her and sexually assaulted her a girl was gangraped by several boys along the river down kibera south dispensary at the plantations along the river a 9year old school girl of shadrack kimalel was found injured and bleeding behind lindi friends church in lindi village after being defiled and left at the scene pupils of st john primary school in silanga are being forced by some boys at silanga and taken to the bush of nairobi dam and being sexually abused one day a girl was sent away from home and she was sleeping at the corridor but a man who pretended to help her took her away to his home. In the middle of the night, he started touching her and raped her. This man also gave her money the girl stays with her step mother and her father. The father brought his brother of 12years who always rapes the girl at night because she sleeps down and te boy sleeps on the chair. When passing at Toi market, some men follow you up to where you are going a girl was raped last week at night by a stranger when she was coming from school heading home she was occasionally seduced by his dad but one time when his father tried to rape her she decided to scream and he tied  her mouth and raped her. a girl was coming from school heading home when she was called for a sweet by a man and she went. She was then raped by the man. This man called me one day and I ran a way a young girl of 12 years was raped by the stepfather of 58 years while the mother had gone to work my nephew who is 11 years was raped by his mums house help of 23 years while his mum had gone to work. a small girl aged 7 years was raped by an old man of 57 years early in the morning as the mother had left her in the house an old man of 52 yearscalled a young girl of 8 years to his house and raped her. Her mother reported the case and the man was arested and he is serving a jail term my neighbours had left their child in the house in the evening,someone got into the house and raped her she was sexually abused by her boyfriend there is a boy who lied to me and took me to his friend and he slept with me for 3 days until my mum complained and that is when he threw me out of his house at night The girl called brenda is a 6 years old and she is abnormal, there is a man who always rape her A friend was sexually molested and touched inappropriately it was raining heavily and there were no vehicles at the bus station. a personal car stopped at the stage and the driver told two girls to board the car. They were taken to karura forest and raped young boys and girls were sexually abused at undugu grounds in the bushy area of nairobi dam by youths who were high on drugs. This usually happens oftenly despite the area having a policepost at the gate of undugu school an uncle to a minor defiled her at their home in lindi village near crying stone bar a 9year old school girl of shadrack kimalel was found injured and bleeding behind lindi friends church in lindi village after being defiled and left at the scene a girl was raped last week at night by a stranger when she was coming from school heading home she was sexually abused by her boyfriend there is a boy who lied to me and took me to his friend and he slept with me for 3 days until my mum complained and that is when he threw me out of his house at night i am reporting a terrible incident that happened to a girl i know through my friend. this girl was staying at my friend's place. she had gone to meet her boyfriend. her boyfriend trapped her by inviting his other friends there too. they took turns to rape her near the toilet complex in sanjay camp. this girl is no more a girl is being raped by her uncle and when she compplains to her mom about it, she tells her to stay shut and endure it because now she has lost her dignity anyway the son of the owner of kengeles bar usually defiles children and has the habbit of sexually harassing different other ladies. The mother is financially stable and always influence justice with her resources. The man used to abuse the girl oftenly buying her and other girls chips and sweets. Ex-boyfriend calls and blackmails girl i was raped by 3 men at a wedding i was attending. they locked me up in a room and left me there. i never mustered the courage to tell anyone about it. this wedding was near balaji chowk i was home alone with my father. my mother and brother had gone for a wedding. late at night my father called me to his room, he made me sit and started touching my breasts, i froze. when i asked him why is he doing this to me, i am his daughter, he told me that fathers can do this. he raped me continually that night. i feel such shame. despite it all, i told my mother about it the next day who told me that i have lost my mind and how dare i say something like this about my own father. i don't know what to do, i just feeling like dying. my house is at balaji chowk. a girl in my neighborhood was raped in a park near kali basti. she was locked up by parents. i do not know what happened to her after that my husband beats me up, not just at home but even outside. he is an alcoholic and does not work. he spends all my hard earned money on alcohol. when i go to a shop to buy groceries, he makes allegations on me that i am having an affair. i've complained to the police several times but they do not help me and tell me to sort it on my own. i live near the wednesday market. a man managed to forcefully tie me to a tree in DDA park when i was getting back from my school in the afternoon. he kissed me and touched me inappropriately and then ran away as i stood their protesting. i finally managed to untangle and get back home. i was terrified for days at the thought of school. i still get nightmares. a girl was stabbed by a man by a knife at murga chowk, street no 8 in the afternoon a girl i know of was raped in a street at Murga Chowk. I have stopped going to that area alone. my real brother sexually abuses me. i told my mother about it but she refuses to believe me. we live near the wednesday market i was sexually molested in shiv vihar late at night an uncle was beating up his wife in the street outside their house. no one helped the lady. he later went inside and assaulted her further and locked her up i know of a couple who had gone to get married. the guy stabbed her at the temple with a knife and ran away. i don't know more about this case my friend's boyfriend at the pretext of taking her out for enjoyment raped her. she does not come to school anymore. i was alone at home when a man came to my place. my mother is a domestic help at his house. he inquired about my mother and i told him that she is not at home and he should come back in the evening. then he told me that he is here to meet me and he started touching me wrongly. I started crying. he then went away. when my mother came back home, i told her about it, she told me that she has taken 10,000 rupees from him and that is why he did this. when that man came home again in the evening, he started threatening my mom to return the money or get me married to him. my mother without thinking about me got me married to him. he rapes me every other night but i am so scared that i don't do anything about it. i was sexually molested in my house. Twice when I was under 18. Almost got raped. 1st standard by music teacher. Second time in 9th standard by tuition teacher. When I was doing my MBA, a man followed me and stopped my scooty in the middle of the road and dragged me to the ATM and forced me to give him money. Though I shouted no one from the busy road came to help. So the incident happened in  broad daylight.te assaulter was one of our family acquaintance and I had been to his place for some exchange of books. Little did I know about his intentions back then. I was offered a glass of water by him and then I remember being too shock to speak out.he went on to open my clothes and suffice his hunger for sex.i still wonder what had happened to me at that moment that I couldn't shout or resist to what was happening.i remember being in pain. Having never experienced any thing like that before I went into shock.i felt the pain he was inflicting in me..tears were coming out but I couldn't shout. It may have been the water which he could have used to drug me..or it could be my innocence or lack of exposure to such animals ,for i was only 16,that  I didn't do anything to defend myself.i regret it. A teenage girl in Muzafargarh, district of south Punjab, was raped and then strangulated to death by a relative, the local media reported.

The two sisters were playing alone in their house while the father was away for work. The brother-in-law of the brother of these girls came and asked them to accompany him to a nearby house. The girl was raped and later strangulated with a rope. The accused escaped from the scene along with the infant girl. The police recovered the infant girl and arrested the accused by registering a case.

The family members of the girls and neighbors found the body of the rape victim. My friend's daughter was raped in a vacant plot by a man from our own neighborhood. She was left bleeding in that plot and was found the next morning. She died as a result of her injuries and trauma. Her mother is still fighting the case. I was in a atm when the security guard tried to lock me in I was raped in my community (Indira Nagar) a guy who was drunk raped his girl fren at his place as they were on living relationship and literally throw her naked from the window and the gurl found dead next morning. when police filed complaint against him he said that gurl was having affair with other guys as well. when I was in class ten one of my friends got sexually harassed. Although she wasn't studying in the same school with me but shared her incident with me.
when she went into toilet, one of the boy who was following her to toilet but she was unaware of it, entered into toilet with her. he tried to molest her in toilet but she managed to run out of toilet.later she told this to others and they managed to punish the boy. he was taken action by school administration. the incident took place around 4 yeas back when i was way to attend my class. i was with my friend . then aboy came toward me .i even didnot look at his face and he suddenly huge me.i ccouldot even resist him .i was helpless at that moment . i was silent and crying  but my friend scold him.i didn't report this to anyone even to my parents one of my neighbours invited me to have prasad. he asked me to stay. After sometimes he tried to grab me and I escaped. within family one brother raped her sister. its was not blood relation but the boy took the advantage of her sister n raped her. ONE Gurl near to my maternal uncle house was been harassed by few boys. They were grp. the girl remain quite and didn't took any action as a result she was gang raped by 3 boys and died on the hospital. it was very sad news to whole society and shameless act. I heard the news of girl been raped. i knew that girl and was known that she was been harassed but she went quite and didn't shared to anyone and finally the day came when she got raped on her own room by her own uncle. it was very depressing news. My neighbour small girl child was raped by her own grandfather I have been raped by two people A men stalking &amp; abusing a girl I was touched in private places in crowded area,it happened in jagannath puri inside the temple A 48 years old man attempted to rap a 2 years old child. He was caught and punished by law. In my village a 40 years man raped 14 years old girl. In my village, a man aged 25 raped a 15 years old girl. A man tried to sexually assault me we met three men while going to our friends funeral they were armed with pangas then they took all our money and forced us to have sex with them and left us there. A family member has harrassed me multiple times. My friend was raped by her tuition teacher. My friend was raped by her tuition teacher. My friend was raped by her tuition teacher. A man took advantage of the situation of a crowded metro and touched my friend. While climbing in the bus, a man purposely pressed on my breasts and made it seem by mistake. A 9 year old child is a maid to a man. He used to harrass her repeatedly and finally raped her. Women Harassment Group of teasers near by beach. in India there is lots of gang rape going on no one is there to tell or take an action on them. Near Hardrock cafe.. man tried to grope Street sexual harassment. As I was walking on the street, I saw a girl who got harassed by her boyfriend sexually.Firstly,the girl was with another boy and her boyfriend saw her and harassed her sexually.After that, they got into a fight and later was taken to the police office for questions. It was on my birth day.I went out with some friends and on my way back at night,some men caught and raped me. She was invited by a male friend out on a date.In the course of that her drink was drugged and she was raped not only by her friend but also by three other friends of her frind(gang rape) Sexual abuse on my friend.When she was coming back from the village farm, a man caught her and abused her sexually. He forced himself on me It was on Saturday last year 2014 when my aunt went to fetch some water around 5:00 o'clock in the morning around buea central market.She saw a man standing besides a farm with a bag.The man called her to come and help him put the bag on his head .Unfortunately for her she did not know the man's intention .she was beaten and raped.She was helpless  and could not walk to the extend that she wanted to die but she was rushed to the hospital .Until now,the man has not been caught It all happened on evening when I  went to my friend's place as usual.But this particular evening when I went there he behaved abnormally ,like trrying to kiss me ,when I resisted he forced me and before I realised he had raped me. My friend went out for xmas on the 25th of December and as exited as she was she got drunk.The guys she went out with took advantake of the situation and raped her in his house. Thiefs came to a cite to steal at night in a particular room.So this lady heard noise in her neighbours room and started shouting.They thieves came to her room and kidnapped her.They brought her the next morning after she had been raped. Assult of a 9 year old girl by a 35 year old man in 2007. It was a Sunday morning at Bomaka when a little gir was sent by her mother to buy bread at the market. On her way ,their neighbour of about 35 yrs called for the girl and forced her to bed untill the child could not even breathe and fainted.It was later that the girl told the story and was arrested A friend of mine was attacked and raped by some armed rubbers .It happened when she was coming back from church and it was a little bit dark in the evening.These men were standing on the road and all of a sudden this girl felt a tap on her shoulder This happened in one 20th may when we went out in the evening to enjoy ourselves .All of a sudden,two guys came up to me and forced me to a direction. I was scared of them so I followed them and when I reached their house,I was forced to have sex with one of the guys. The girl was deep asleep in her room from 9-10 pm when an unknown person entered and raped her.She reported in the morning that the man threatened her with a knife sexual harassment happened to my friend.It was a painful incident.She was coming back from the night club when a group of boys attacked her at the entrance of her house and took her bag,money with her phone.One of the boys started begging her to undress.She could not resist so they finally raped her. A little girl was lulled into a boy's home using sweet.When he succeeded in lulling her into the house he raped the girl ,killed her and prepared the body as meat and sold. an old lady was pulled into the bushes by a man when she went there to ease herself. He groped her breasts and bit her also. She was rescued by a shopkeeper nearby. Most people don't have toilets i  n their houses, she doesn't too. a group of men followed me into the jungle when i was going to fetch wood, they groped me and tore my clothes. i did not tell anyone about it. an incident of attempt to rape was reported a few days back an incident of attempt to sexual assault was reported A teacher known as Teacher Mark defiled a pupil who took for him a book to mark. The child reported through the talking boxes taking pictures touching , groping... one of my friends was sexually molested by her cousin when she was 12 random sardars in the metro tried to molest me got molested by random guys eve teasing chain snatching guys commenting and trying to assault government school girls north east girl sexually assaulted touching and groping due to poor street lighting north east girl sexually assaulted girl was raped guys tried to rape a girl Incidents of sexual assault chain snatching and molestation Some guys tried to molest me , and tried to take me into their car attempt at rape I was harassed at this lonely place in dwarka sector 18 , and maybe the guys were LGBT i was travelling in the bus and one guy kept touching me and harassing me in all the wrong ways. one of my friend was locked in a public bus , she was harassed , she however escaped People were in a car and they were physically assaulting a lady. One of the male employees was raped after his working hours. The guy was taken away by fake police officers with an intention of interrogation. He was taken away to the outskirts of the city and raped at gunpoint. Family Friend tried to molest daughter a cab following throughout and asking for sexual favours Molestation Molestation , Attempt to Rape there was a robbery in the near by house , where they also tried to rape  or molest the maid present at the home A girl was raped recently.Guards are also bribed and night are not at all safe Groping Yelling abuses or passing in decent remarks at girls. touching in inappropriate places Once in a market ,when some girls were buying their undergarments,then the person working ant 2-3 boys were starring.Seeing them felt very embarrased so you can think that what those girls were feeling. Street harassment on auto stand  at hospital road kollam juction. Now near our house musing public . Sexual harassment. once a girl was coming from her office and 4-5 boys surrounded her.they started teasing her and were trying to physically damage her. A 40 year old man raped a 7 year old girl at Shiv sena maidan, sanjay nagar, kandivali west, mumbai Time 12 night at Sandhurst road one girl was gang raped. All know about it but no one speaks up because the boy supports the local corporator My friend when travelling from train to Bandra was harassed by a drug addict and drinker and when she asked for help no one was ready to help. As it was a ladies compartment with 4-5 girls. He started abusing and touching her. Eve teasing A man try to grab my breast but I ran away. one of my friend boyfriend always black mail her and try to have physical relation with her...... sexual harresment to a lady who was travelling on micro bus.... it has happened to my friend,she was on her scooty,when a group of boys came and snached her gold chain and rings...... I was harassed by a married man. I was forcefully kidnapped and raped at gunpoint by 2 men in a moving car near DPS RK Puram A girl was raped recently. Guards are bribed and nights are not at all safe. Groping A lot of harassment takes place near this area. Girls are harassed and people roam around with knives. Once I was standing at the bus stop. Another girl was standing behind me. Suddenly a maniac man came and he tried to kiss her or whatever and he cut the girl on her lips. A boy touched a girl's hand, she gave him a look and he move away. After sometime he grabbed both her hands and touched her butt. A drunk man tried to kiss a girl as she was passing by him. i heard grandfather raped his grand daughter and sucided... my friend was sexually harresed by her own uncle . i was sitting on a bus and a guy next to my seat showed penis by oppening pant. one guy put his hand on my shoulders and tried to touch my breast. the boys were drunk and commented bad on the women. and tried to rape the women. an unknown person crossway touching intentionally my body parts some people on the road has haressed college girl The guy tried to touch the private part of my friend. Wanted to get physical this is a story of a students from a village staying in city for study purpose. 2 cousins, sister and elder brother used to live in that rented room, but the brother established sexual relation with her sister resulting to pregnancy. sexually harassed in a school by her own teacher. teacher used to touch her private areas and abuse her sexually. while i was heading towards college, a married man sat to me touches my sensitive organs of my body. initially i ignore it but as he action repeats i asked him to stop it. it is about my friend who was sexually abused by her own father. her father comes close to her when there is no family members in a home. a girl from Shiksyadeep college was going to her house from Sathghumti bato. the road was so long but there was no people around. while coming near to her house, 5 street boys raped her. she was so helpless that time. I was forcefully kidnapped and raped at gun point by 2 men in a moving car near DPS R.K. Puram
afternoon between 2 &amp; 3 pm 16 year old Girl badly beaten up by parent on relationship issues A man caught red handed defiling a 10 year old man. They are both taken to the police station and both locked up for the night including the 10 year old a girl was raped and killed by a boys gang and throwed her body in river .... the girl was being sexually behaved by touching her body.the girl cried soo much pinched in a breast in goverment office it happened to my friend while she was getting on a micro.a conductor tried to touch several times by making excuses of moving back it waj happen to my friend .when she was travelling on the bus. pushing to girls
teasing girls by ringing horns
pussing comments
trying to touch knowingly while i was travelling a girl shouted by complaining about a guy sitting near to her who was touching her body parts. In the public bus, a guy was trying to grope my friends female parts. even when implying to stop he did not stop. A middle aged man teasing very inappropriately. A man who was the age of my father had attempted to molest me in a parking lot when I was a little kid 3 guys tried to sexually abuse my friend One of my family friends was abused sexually by a family member from the age of 8 to 17.

Delhi and Punjab It happened with one of our batch-mate.She was returning from college and while the way was quiet &amp; empty towards her house.Few boys (3-4) saw the girl coming alone,they kidnapped her and took her in the jungle and raped her. A girl studying in grade 9 is sexually assaulted by the teacher of her own class,in the government school of Jhunkhunwa,Rautahat. Brother in law sexually abused his sister in law. He raped her and threatened her day by day. The unknown girl from our hostel area got raped at night by four boys. A five year old girl was defiled by a neighbour who tricked her to join him for a cup of tea in his house. He defiled the baby and told her not to tell anyone. A woman was molested at Thane railway station.When she slapped her molester, the guy pinned down her hands causing injuries to both her wrists. When she cried for help, no one stepped forward to help her, instead the men surrounded the woman and demanded to let go the molester. These men are probably working in gangs and come together in defense when one of them gets caught. My friend was molested by her boyfriend. When I was just 7 years old, I was in my music clas, a man called me upto the top floor and tried to abuse me. I fled from that place. My sister studies away from home. SHe stays in a separate house near her college. She had her college mates at her place for late night studies and one by one all left except her boyfriend. and it so happened eventually he raped her that night. It was 2 o clock in the noon..  I was heading to my classes..  I have to change two buses to reach my classes..  I was in a hurry and moreover  i am new in the city..  When i got down the bus at the bus stop..  A bastard was walking in opposite  direction..  He came near me uttered something  and touched me down there in front of the public! It is ridiculous..  I cant believe it happened  with me..  I am in terrible shock THE  grama panchayat has  impose public  nuisances   on cases  which i file to than to polices station   (  WE NEEDED TO GO FOR MRI SCAN WITH A RELATIVE AT UPSANA HOSPITAL AND I NEEDED TO CHANGE MY CLOTHS.THIS PERSON OPENED THE DOOR TO MY MRI SCAN AND I WAS ILL PERSON . THE DOOR WAS CLOSED BUT FORGET TO LOCK IT.  (The same person which we  to  the  hospital  for treatment in auto rickshaw .)HE OPENED IT ON PURPOSE WITH ONE OLD MEN STANDING NEXT TO HIM THERE WAS FILLED WITH CROWD! !) i don't know any monkey acts shown  by public !some actions ! i just the actions out ! I was walking at 8pm, Ahmedabad, behind Gujurat University, a man followed me, when there was a space in the street he grabbed me by both hands, I shout as loud as possible and run away to the police station. He didn't follow me. group of the guys were trying to force me. a girl of 14 was raped. In H-block,Shastri Nagar 5-6 yrs old small girl was raped by shopkeeper. chain snatching,commenting,touching/groping,rape/sexual assault chain snatching,rape/sexual assault she was kidnapped and raped. with a 12 year old girl In the evening I feel scared at going to bhera enclave chowk alone at night. Harassment in buses(munirka) in the night. This area is really very badly monitored area with 90 percent of rural population.These crimes are very often in this area . Rape/sexual assault during evening. I had went to take tutions there and my teacher started talking very weirdly. I was alone that day since I missed my one class. The teacher tried to touch me and force I somehow pushed and ran away. Since then I hardly go out. It is quite difficult for me to forget that day.It has been almost a year,since that happened. I didn't say this to anyone only today I am writing this,hoping to bring a change. a girl was tried to be pushed into a cab. it was really bad.