 guy just started following me There is a boy who likes disturbing me when am on the road and he throws stones at me when I refuse There is a boy who likes to follow me and I don't know what to do My sister and I was going to eat golgappa and a boy was commenting and intentionally bumping into my cousin. A boy was following me while I was coming back from school. There is a boy who  comes at our shop and says he wants us to be friends  but I refused if he follows me what should I do a girl reported that the man has been telling her to go into his house with this man many times and refused,he has been buying sweets and biscuits for the girl. A man has been following a girl anytime he saw her. A new boy in our school has been stalking me I went with my friends to water park and there a group of boys stalked and commented us. Two men stalked me while I was going alone towards auto stand. They were stalking Dropping my husband to the bus station after 10pm when i was returning back to my residence..followed &amp; stalked by 2boys on a vehicle. when we went for a family trip in blue world waterpark their was one person who was continuous  watching me and then after that when we going home he followed us till the end . I used to go to buy milk every evening around 7:00 and then I noticed a boy was stalking me . I ignored it the first day . second day he was trying to talk to me and touch me and then I tried to run away.But third day he came with his friend and they both caught me and touched me but then I screamed and bite one of them and then the ran away. Boys often comment and stalk when we return home from school Two boys stalked me till I didn't find any auto. One man stalked me in exo park. He was continuously walking with me. I was on an auto and two boys sitting opposite me were continuously staring me and that made me uncomfortable. But I kept mum. I got down at my stoppage but suddenly I saw those two boys with other four boys stalking me and they stopped my way.  I got so scared that I started to run as fast as I can. I still feel terrible when I think of this incident. A man kept following me.. It was scary.. He kept saying something I booked a cab fro mg road metro station. When the cab arrived there were already other people seated in the cab although I booked an uber go cab. Luckily I was with a group of friends. A boy is forcing me to have a sexual relation with him, When I tell my parents they accuse me of seducing him A group of boys stalked me while returning home. A man stalked me in park. I saw some boys were stalking girls where there was no light. A group of boy was stalking me. A boy was stalking me in the park. A group of people were stalking me. A boy was stalking me, when I was in park with my friends. One boy stalked and commented on me I was stalked and commented by two boys Boys often comments and stalks girls on their way to school and back home. A group of 4-5 boys often stalks me on my way to tuition. They sing vulgar songs, whistles and winks at me. They even pull my dupatta. Boys often catcalls like item, come &amp; sit on my bike.they ask us to call them. They stalk us everywhere. Whenever girls go out, one or other boy either comments, stalks, or catcalls or ask for number. And they enjoy doing that to girls. While returning home, often boys stalk me and asks for my number, catcalls me Whenever we return to home from school, boys comment on us, gives us flying kiss. Often boys whistles, comments and stalks girls A boy often stalks me and comments. And when I complain it to my parents they blame me only. A boy stands on my school Gate and stares at me. He says vulgar things. And when I don't respond, he Ben stalks me to my home and even to my tuitions. A boy used to stalk and comment on my friend on her way to tuition Boys often comments and stalks on our way to schools and back A boy often stalks and ogles me A boy asked for my number and when I didn't replied anything then he started to stalk me When I go for my tuition then a group of 4-5 boys stalks me, whistles at me. Sings vulgar songs, winks at me and many a times pull my duppata as well I saw a boy stalking and commenting on a girl while she was returning from her school A boy used to stalk me and later on he used to roam around my house as well. And then he started comment on me as well. I was stalked by a group of 3 boys A boy used to follow me during my college time. A man in a car followed me and tried to force me inside the car. Two boys were stalking me and my friends and singing item numbers. she was coming to hostel from Apte road. One man was following her. She increased her speed then also he was following her. She changed her road side. He stop the following Girls are often stalked and commented on their way to school and back home Boys stalk and comments on our way to school and back home. I was stalked by a boy while going to school and way back home. My daughter was stalked many times while coming back home. My daughter was returning from her school.  A boy was just passing comments on her and stalking her.  However she just responded them back and threatened them to complain. A girl was coming g back from her school.  And a boy was just stalking her and commenting on her in some vulgar words. That girl was terrified.  Then I called her to my house and called her family so that she can go home safely. Experienced Stalking I was stalked at this location. Experienced Stalking Was stalked at this location Taking pictures without permission A 20 year old student faced catcalling, commenting and stalking here less than a month ago. A 20 year old student was commented upon and stalked here, around 2 months ago. A 19 year old student was stalked here. A student here was stalked twice here. She was also catcalled and commented upon. A 21 year old male was stalked here. People pass inappropriate comments especially during the the night time. The person saw few people taking her pictures and stalking her. She confronted them. She also feels people should step up to help other people when they can see they are in need of help. Incident did not change pattern of accessing the location The person was indecently stared at, inappropriately touched, commented upon and stalked. The person was inappropriately touched, and stalked. It has changed her accessibility to the loacation. She uses an alternative lane. The person was stalked, but since she has to access that place regularly, it hasnt changed anything for her The person was stalked. Incident has changed pattern of access to the location stalking and commenting the individual was faced with the trauma of stalking stalking at the location is what the individual faced stalking and taking pictures of the individual stalking and ogling has been experienced in the morning commenting and stalking at churchgate in the evening the individual faced the trauma of indecent exposure and Stalking A woman from UK was sitting alone and we approached her because although she was sitting alone, she was surrounded by four men who were taking a selfie with her. When we asked her about it, she said they had asked her for a picture and after she had declined, they still took a picture. She said it was the third time that evening that someone had done this to her. While I was speaking to her, multiple times, men came and listened to our conversation and contiued to take pictures with/of her. When I asked them what they wanted, they replied with &quot;they wanted to hear what she was talking.&quot; She also said that she was stalked the previous night from CST to Churchgate. And the man only left when she told him she doesn't drink alcohol. Another man had come up to her on Chowpatty and asked if she wanted to have sex with him. She was catcalled and stalked. Never came back alone. I often see men calling girls with different names and singing lewd songs, following them just for fun. But that is violating. Following, sexual invites, teasing Taking pictures, following, sexual comments यहाँ से महिलाओ को निकलने  मे रास्ता खराब  होगया है । तो लड़कियाँ डरती है ।  जाने  से कॉलेज जाते वकतपर कुछ लड़के  खड़े होकर हेरान करते है । मै कुछ सम्मन लेने के लिये गई  थी तो  एक लड़का  मेरे पीछे पीछे आ रहन था vhan par agr koi mhila kisi bhi kaam se khdi hoti hai to admi log gallt baat kar ke nikal jate hai me kakarya gai thi to vhan par ladke bhot khrab hote hai or mhilao ke stha coomenting karte hai me ghar ke kaam se bhar nikal ti hu to ek ladka mujhe daekh kar git gaata hai yhan par bhot bhid hoti hai yahn par ladke mhilao ko dekh kar galt baat se baat karte hani baeral markit ke paad auto ke liye khde hote hai to vhan par ladke log stoking karte hai Reported stalking, commenting, taking pictures, catcalling, whistling Reported stalking, catcalling, whistling, taking pictures, touching stalking stalking stalking and indecent exposure of private part reported various cases of chain snatching, taking pictures, lack of street lights and stalking reported touching/groping and stalking reported stalking, groping,ogling, and commenting reported stalking, taking pictures and commenting I was there for the Ganesh Chaturthi festival and some boys were staring at me which made me feel very uncomfortable. Later on they also tried to touch me. reported stares, facial expressions and stalking by a friend stalking, taking pictures I am the students of patna college and when I and my friend were on the campus few boys started following us and afterwards they started making facial expressions which discomforted me and my friends. When we showed objection they started commenting on us and one of the boy clicked our photograph for threating us I was walking on a road where I saw few boys were stalking  and commenting on a girl. It was because of poor street light Dangerous predator known for harassing and abusing women and children touching/groping and stalking. 
ogling/facial expressions, commenting Group of girls stalked by a man for around half an hour This is the area that was described as yes for sexual harassment near Jai Hind College and Government Law College, near Churchgate Station. No specifics given. If we stand for auto, then the boys will comment on their ham. When the tuition goes to class, I sing the song after seeing the boy. A boy was following me in a kindergarten. Was wrong gesture. Seeing girls going into this expanse, they tease. I was passing the road, a bike rider slowed his bike and groped my breast. I complained to the police but he was freed after sometime. यहाँ पर आम पब्लिक का आना होता हें । यहाँ पर महिलाओ के साथ हरेस मेंट बोता हें । यहाँ पर सेफ्टी होना चहिये: Yahn par kuch ladke khde rhete hae or ladkiyo ko dekh kar heran karte hae ! मे जब दरगाह जाती हूँ तो बहा पर लड़के खड़ेरहेते हें । और लड़िकयों को देख कर गलत इशारा करते हें । यहा पर कई लड़कियों के साथ  रेप हुवा हें । रात के वकत घर से निकल ना ठीक नही होता हें । स्कूल जाते समय भी लड़के बसस्टॉप तक पीछा करते हें । इस मार्किट मे जब हम शॉपिंग करने गए थे तो वहाँ पर लड़के लोग गलत इशारे करते हें । मार्किट मे जाते  हें ।  तो यहाँ पर लड़के छू कर जाते हें । गलत कमेँट करते हें । Yhan par kuch ladke khde rhte han or ladkiyo ko dekh kar heran karte hae na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na Pedicab cyclist follows behind pedestrian and then blocks her way and grabs her, expecting her to just quietly give in. na na na The man is drunk in this place near the place. Chef is not there for women to go from here The boys are stunned with the girls standing at Sarangpur bus stop. कॉलेज जाते समय कुछ लड़के लोग गलत कमेँट करते हें । Ladies please watch out for a 6'4 man in his late 20's he is abusive and will stalk you and threaten you man with thin voice yells at me in a somewhat low voice bayot ,when it became apparent to him that i wasnt responding ,steps onto the sidewalk from where he had been waiting and walks towards me just to say the same thing in the same tone of voice bayot ghomne gaye the to kuch ladke ne siti mari The boys are following. Touches. The boys are following. Touches. Here girls are surprised. Let us comment. Let's tease with girls. Goes wrong. Bus stations shy away. Do the comments. When you go to school, you follow auto. chepirog  rod  hospital jamalpoor  bajar  of  cakla follwing  in  school no. 5.6 yhan par kuch ladke khde hokar ladkiyo ko commen karte hei, staking karna was touched in a crowded crossing I was stalked at the Beach in Mumbai ladkiyo pe comment pass kiya jata h. ladkiyo k travelling me problem hoti h One of his friend were going from Dyaneshwar Paduka chawk with her friend. It was night.  3-4 boys were stalking them. His friends went to model colony as another friend was living their. They went to his room. After that boys stop stalking. They went away from the place. One boy frequently called her. He requested her to met him at once. After that she and her friend went to met him at  Z Bridge. That guy asked her about friendship. He tried to force her for it. He tried to gave her cadboury too. She didn't take it.  She returned to the hostel. After that he message her frequently. Sometimes he follow her. Mean while she changed her mobile number. A boy use to stalk my friend since 3 days . He use to stop where she stops. And watch her continuously. People comment while passing by. 3 months back,I was being stalked by a person and the person used to  clicked pictures whenever I used to cross that area. A man took my pictures and was staring at me continuously which made me feel very uncomfortable. na The boys of our expansion are very bad.
Commenting on the coming of the ladies, they comment. At Government School 18, a man had entered a toilets with a girl, there was a need of safety. name: shanjana mae sam ko jab tiyushan cllas me jati hu to vhan par ladke khde hokar commenting karte han jab me tiyushan cllas me jati hu to vo maera picha karta hae My niece was sexually assaulted when sent in an errand. Her cloths were torn by the harasser who rough handled her when she was trying to escape. Commenting about her hip and figure, that he would sleep with her. On my street, i get harassed daily by the guys. They comment about my boobs and buttocks,and say the will have sex with me one day.they touch indecently but i always run from them. They do this because there is no street light. Everyday in Makinde street, sexual harassment, sexual invites, commenting, catcalls, occur. Little children also are victims. I have heard of rape issues at this spot. One of the reasons is lack of street light. So the harassers hide in the dark to commit this evil. For a week in the morning when I found be taking my dog for a walk, a milkman on a bike would follow me and times try to talk to me. I felt extremely uncomfortable and went home in tears. This continued for a week and no one cared to stop the man. It was not until my father intervened that he stopped. I wished that someone who was witnessing it had helped me. For a week in the morning when I found be taking my dog for a walk, a milkman on a bike would follow me and times try to talk to me. I felt extremely uncomfortable and went home in tears. This continued for a week and no one cared to stop the man. It was not until my father intervened that he stopped. I wished that someone who was witnessing it had helped me. Stalking and threatening. Creating physical damage to home. Shouting in all indecent words. threatening to destroy life. A guy was staring continuously at me. Cyber Stalking. 
Got my number through Vodafone I guess. One day , in shopping mall, one of my friends went to the washroom and suddenly she saw a fellow looking at her through the window.

She called the police ,however the fellow was not seen anywhere. Sticking and touching in bus when there is crowd.
Whistling when I walk home. Stalking In bus, a guy tried to touch me and  in some area around, a group of boys were singing cheap songs. Someone was following me and then tried to walk by my side and touch me. Also tried to rob me. (Chain snatching) I was walking out to grab a bus to reach my college. This guy asks me for time and I reply back. He asks me again and when I looked back at him, he flashes his penis and informs me to have sex with him. I felt offended but i was not able to do anything but t walk away, still he followed me for a wile and left Some guy blocked my friends and grabbed her bag. More like eve-teasing. Nothing to a very great extent but two guys tried to follow me on my way back home and behaved indecently. Staring at people while passing from Kings Cirlce Station to
Throwing stones/Acid and passing comments to Mahim Station. Singing songs
Vulgar comments
Whistling 
Pressing bodies in public transport
and Touching. I've heard that the girls are facing problems like snatching and staring at the Bandra East Station. Our group of friends visited the a Water Park and a group of boys started following us,passing comments as well as taking photographs Whenever we were going to or coming from the tuition, a group of boys stalked and followed one of our tuition mate daily. They even followed us once on a street. Once, when we called the police, they ran and escaped. A guy in my college used to stalk me everywhere. He intentionally blocked my path in the college when no one was college, Suddenly my friend came and I got rescued. Singing out loud cheap songs, a man was found giving sexual invites to us at mid- night. I was cycling early morning when a man came from behind and touched me inappropriately. On my way to my coaching, a person constantly stalked me everyday for over a month. It is usual to be harassed or stared at by someone or teased by someone. Inappropriate touches in public transport like metro My flatmate was coming back from Amity University by Ola. The driver switched off his phone and and started navigating on a different route. He was trying to take her off to a malicious route but she jumped off the cab. A friend of mine was going for a walk near the Northern ridge area and somebody started following her. She felt uncomfortable and started running and she escaped. A friend of mine was going for a walk near Northern Ridge and somebody started following her. She felt uncomfortable and started running and she escaped. once while retutning to my PG around 8 in the evening,one male followed me and commented on me even he was trying to talk to me one man daily asked me for lifts and then he started stalking me faced kind of stalking many times while coming back from college in the late evening hours since I am in evening college the stalkers even approached me and tried to talk to me folllowing, inappropriate touching groped while waiting in the line of metro
groped while in the DTC bus
catcalls and whistling A man around age 0f 50 years by touching me inappropriately in the wave pool fun and food village gurgaon group of boys were commenting and were trying to disturb in any possible way I was climbing down the escalator this morning and a shady looking man joined me on the same step on the escalator and started commenting on my saree. He came close to me on the escalator step. I stood there in a frozen state until we reached the bottom. Even then he started stalking me inside the Forum mall until I hurried towards the exit and lost him in the mall. I was very scared as I was alone and had been to watch a movie. A person/stranger was following a girl on the skywalk Touching in share auto
Touching at Bandra Bus Station and in local trains. Sexual harrasmemt at dadar market A GIRL WAS BEING STALKED AND GROPED BY A BUNCH OF GUYS. SHE WENT RUNNING LOOKING FOR HELP, AND ASKED A MID AGED LADY FOR HELP. SEEING THIS, THE BOYS FLED. THE LADY THEN DROPPED THE GIRL HOME SAFELY. 
HAPPENED AROUND 2 AND A HALF YEARS AGO.EXACT DATE NOT SPECIFIED. This report is regarding the survey conducted on sexual harassment in different forms in a particular area It's a survey along with safety audit the report was taken at dadar street market. the interviewee don't feel safe the instances of stances during her visit to this place the report was taken on dadar street market. location was in front of bigg sale, one of the shop at dadar street market.  interviewee don't feel safe due to the instances of stalking and touching report was taken on dadar street market. exact location was between bigg sale- maitreen. the interviewee don't feel safe on this place due to instances of staring and touching report was made on dadar street market, exact location was between bigg sale to maitreen shop. The participants don't feel safe at dadar street market  due to many instances of stalking Three guys followed me for few minutes and passed bad comments on me.They were inviting me to spend time. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This is survey carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. Commenting at some one happens everyday in our college. I was stalked by a boy regularly when i used to go to school in the morning and i had to wait at the bus stop. A girl was harassed and not supported by family.
At the school campus. people tend to comment at you when in train. I was in 10th and was returning from school when my neigbour who's like my uncle held my hand near colony rooms and just started telling me he loves me and used kind of words which were really uncomfortable. Whenever me or my friends pass by if boys are sitting around they start commenting, singing songs etc. I go for a walk every morning and there is this lecherous guy always who stalks and stares all the ladies passing by. When I'm mostly travelling in buses, trains et. It's happened to me. A drunkman was following me when i got off at grant road station. He was staring at me constantly. I was getting out of the station when this guy pushed his body against me and was trying to touch me indecently. A friend of mine was coming from a place near Andheri station, there a boy stalked her. Followed by a car. I live in a society nearby the stn premises. I was walking towards the stn and i kept noticing that a man was following me almost everyday. Now though he is no where to be seen around. I was waiting for a bus for Bhiwandi. I noticed a man who was looking at me in a lewd manner and whenever i looked at him he looked away as if to indicate nothing his happening. So i was boarding my bus when he deliberately stood behind me allowed me to go ahead. I knew he wanted to touch me in someway or the other. And he did, but i did not fucking give up and held him by his collar and complained to the conductor who beat him up and dragged him away. happened in the bus from hauz khas metro station happened near a bus stop when 2 men started harassing me and my friend was touched in the metro i was going back home and 2 boys started whistling i was returning home and saw few boys staring at me, they then started commenting and followed me till the market a friend of mine was taken to a brothel. she was new to the city and didnt know who to contact. A man started stalking me. Happened when I was in school,in an auto that i used to take regularly. The auto driver used to harrasment. Told my parents one day and stopped travelling with him happened near the sreeram IAS institute I left my house for my work. I sat in a rickshaw and noticed this guy smiling at me. Looked like he belonged to the villages nearby. Initially, i didnt pay heed to it but when i got down at Sanpada stn i saw him again smiling looking towards me. 

After few days he changed his timing. He used to wait for me in the night. I don't know how he got to know about my exit time from my office. This incident happened with one of my friends, near the railway line of Chanakyapuri, one man came and was continuously commenting and stalking. I was going to my friends place for the first timr. I was in a cab at one end of a bridge and asked for directions. Two people came ahead right inside the cab peeping from the window asking for sexual invites and touching. I am a guy who resides near Charni Road.The night at incident I was waiting for my friend suddenly a person came and started stalking mr. He went and later came with 2 of his people and started stalking me again A guy near 69 no. bus stop followed me on my way to home A man comes and groped my butt and walked off. It was crowded at that time so i couldn't catch hold off him. Nothing much happened, but still security is a concern There was whistling and demeaning comments on the dress that I was wearing while returning from a party. Man whistled at me and then followed me Ogling, Stalking Staring/ogling, touching, stalking, passing comments have been touched and stalked while coming back Being stalked by a guy, teasing. Been stalked by a stranger, lot of staring. Stalking, Staring, Touching, Invites. I was passing by to my friends place when a man, looked homeless, started staring at me and followed me to a distance. The moment i realized he was following me i took a rickshaw quickly. eveteasing She works as a field coordinator and around an year back a man followed her and asked her contact details. She is  student and she doesn't feels safe at all at the station. And she faces assault almost daily. She is 50 and from last so many years almost everyday she has been a victim of sexual assault while traveling. Unfortunately, she never couldn't take any action so far. She sometimes feels unsafe. It depends on the crowd. Ogling, Sexual Invites, Commenting, Touching, Stalking Stalking, Staring, Groping, Sexual Invites I was going back to my apartment when i was stalked by a man. I didn't notice initially but then when i turned back to look i couldn't spot anyone as there was almost a blackout due to no street light. Stalking I was travelling from a bus to a restaurant nearby when i noticed certain group of men staring at me openly. None intervened to stop them. I felt so powerless. I was walking to get my household stuff when a couple of boys on their bikes were starring at me and made comments while i was returning. Molesters saw my friend on her vehicle near babari mandi and while they were about to leave, They tried to get hold of her pallu while she was on the bike. She scolded them but let them go,unfortunately. A man approached me from another direction and said something to me when he got very clear (I had headphones in and didn't hear but he said, but I felt it was malignant). I ignored him and kept walking but I got stuck at a traffic light. I turned around and he was still here, making a lude gesture at me and stalking me. i was stalked by a man while i was at the CS metro station. He followed me till new delhi metro station. As soon as i sat in the airport metro, the man came and sat on the seat right next to mine.I sensed something wrong and rushed to the last compartment of the metro. Okay, so this incident happened last year i.e. 2015 when I'd finished my classes at Vashi and was heading towards the Vashi depot to take a bus to my place Kharghar, Navi Mumbai. So, I boarded a 504 numbered bus and took a ladies seat, window side! I was on a phone call, after a few minutes I realised that I was touched near my boobs from behind, for an instance, I thought it might just be the rod of the seat but later I realised it wasn't, it was somebody's hand trying to grab me up there. I caught hold of the man's hand right there, turned it, turned myself and abused him asking what he was upto, he was quite shocked, I am sure he wasn't expecting a girl to react that way, our men think we are scared of speaking out that way, but I did, I didn't fear. The bus conductor came to the site and pulled his shirt and put him down the bus. 
Well, this wasn't the only, later after 5 minutes, a man sat down beside me, he started touching my thigh, I bursted out on him even madly as it was just 5 minutes back that the first one had happened, I turned towards him, without giving a second thought, I literally slapped him, abused him again, I was angry, angry to what was happening with me, the people there in the bus hit him and even he was put down. 
So this happened, I didn't hesitate to do whatever I did,  it was necessary!
I thought, my misery ended, but there was another lecher who was staring at me for most of the time. I complained to the conductor and forced him out of the bus too. I was followed and tailed by a partially bald middle-aged man wearing an army shirt might be a police sepoy. he purposely jogged behind me and stopped as and when i did. It was all very sly on his part i even confirmed,ed it by stopping randomly. It was during my coaching our classmates used to follow us everywhere we used to go and pass comments on our dressing and our body language. it felt very uncomfortable. 4 year old girl playing in the temple with her friends and after some time she disappeared and after 2 hours she got  raped. people following you on your way back home while returning from job place or market at Barnala Punjab. Could not report as we were in their area and had to survive there for a whole area. If reported they might have gone away and later created more problem for us. I was travelling in the Delhi metro and a man was staring at a girl with the intention full of lust.
After a decent amount of time I couldn't take it and I stood in his point of view and gave him a casual look. Fortunately that sent the message. MY NEIGHBOUR ALWAYS SEEK A CHANCE TO GET CLOSE the victim was stalked from the bus stop to her home by the accused. while going to school, someone commented indecent things to the victim and also stalked her later. some boys were drunk and they were following me near the bus stop of kirori mal college when I was returning to my PG after attending a function in ramjas college. group of boys first stalked the victim and then on getting opportunity made comments which was embarrasing for her. staring at private parts all the time. getting inappropriate phone calls and whatsapp messages, always being stalked. two guys followed my friend for some time  and passed comments. cat called, jeered at. followed to the office A friend was followed to her work place everyday Harassment by a biker Being sexually harassed at night. A salesman kept on staring at me when i was inside the store. Also when i came out of the store he followed. Took pictures and was trying to touch.It randomly happens in the crowded trains and buses  and eve -teasing is another matter to look for. once i off to the market to buy stuff when i sensed someone following me i found a guy secretly following me and whenever i look at him he would pretend using his phone then i had to take an alternate route. I was being followed by group of men. My Chain was snatched while I was in the rickshaw. following form saliee school to link view resto After college, i was going for shopping. Where i felt miserable and unsafe, when a stranger was stalking me.. He also took some pictures. Incident lyk this must be stopped by police with strict rules. I was coming back from my school with my friends and a boy on scooty slowed down his scooty speed. We felt awkward but decided to ignore him. After walking some distance we saw that boy again. He had parked his scooty along the road side and was constantly staring and had started passing  comments. But this time instead of ignoring we warned him that we will complain about this incident to police if he doesn't stop. When i was coming back from my tuition, 3 guys started following me until i had to walk fast to reach home I went to meet my boyfriend to that college where a group of men stand near the gate of the college and probably if they find then one attractive, they follow her till she reaches her class or wherever in the college and so did happen with me and whole following they even pass some comments and do body shaping. i had come to my school (gyan kendra)to submit some project and around noon i left. i started walking back to my house and this guy was constantly staring at me till i reached my place. i entered a wrong building and stood there for 5 mins so he would go and i can go back to my real destination Some random guys were clicking pictures of me and my friend while we were returning home from dinner. Was followed by a group of men in a car while I was on my way to home It feels so annoying and disturbing, when you can't even enjoy weekends with friends, bcz of such terible act. I feel unsafe to travel any more. It was in Kali temple in Lucknow when a cop took advantage of the crowd and kept touching a girl less than 13 yrs old inappropriately. Due to the crowd she didn't realise it immediately but soon realised he was continuously pressing her breasts. someone commented vulgarly on my girlfriend in the Mumnai local (central line) When i was coming back from shopping, i noticed a guy who was behind me from quite some time and what scared me is he followed me till my house. whenever i go to my parents place. i observe few men on bike always following me where ever i go. i don't know whether it is intentional or not but it scares me. When i got down from the metro one of the guy also got down who had been staring at me followed me till i boarded a bus. While i was coming from my dance class, few guys on bike followed me till home and commented. while i was going back to my place, one of the boy started following me which scared me a lot. I was on my regular evening walk when some guys started following me. They started clicking my pictures and passing inappropriate comments. I was in a rickshaw when suddenly two guys started following me on a bike. They started whistling and passing inappropriate comments. I was on my regular evening walk when there was this gang who started following me. They were passing inappropriate comments and started taking my pictures. I was in a rickshaw when suddenly two boys started following me on a bike and were  whistling and passing cheap comments I was being followed by a man on bike. i was walking to my college, and this guy startedfollowinhg me I was being followed by 2 men on a bike till this location. i was with two of my friends and two guys in their late teens wereclicking pics anf following us boys comment and stalk girls. sexual harrasement during office hours This took place at the beach, a group of young men I was stalked when I was walking alone in Changspa street I was stalked at Leh market when I was alone I was stalked when I was with a group of friends by some boys during Republic Day I was stalked at Leh market I was stalked at when I was alone. I was walking by pratap nagar towards my house after attending Aakash Coaching classes. Some guys started following me and made vulgar comments. When I stopped at a signal to cross the road I noticed them trying to take a picture of me. Thankfully there was a police officer near, though he did nothing only shood them away which isn't enough for dogs like them. I had attended a party which happened to get over around 1 am. I could manage to find a rickshaw to travel back home. I was already to conscious to travel alone but i feared more when the rickshaw happened to look drunk. He was driving too fast despite my warnings. And then when i asked him to stop, he kept on driving it ahead. When i shouted and told him aggressively, he stopped at a place where i got down and ran quickly without even paying to him. This incident made a huge mark on me. One bike with two boys were sstalking me and my friends for like 5-10 minutes and at last we went to the police men in the way. After this bikers ran away. Phone stalked for over a year by a guy I have recollection interacting with. He works at a restaurant in my society, got my number through work and kept calling. When i blocked the calls he continued sending messages for well over a year and even found me on Facebook. A man has been roaming around Powai and stopping women in the streets to first ask them directions and then for money as he claims he is in dire need for various reasons. Many girls have been encountering him and have been alarmed by the same. n the eyes of many, the offices of Pakistan are filled with lecherous bosses. All too often, working women have tales of their perversions: the lesser ones include gaze and glance, the occasional grope, the unwanted text message, the innuendo; the bigger ones include invitations to meet outside the office, over lunch or dinner — with plum assignments, promotions, job security and professional reputations hanging in the balance.
Resignation is no guarantee of reprieve; there are reference letters to be obtained, future employment to be worried about. In an expensive, inflation-wracked and increasingly competitive Pakistani workplace, there are many women who continue to be targets for men with power.
The arithmetic of want and need is in display; divorced women, single mothers, the older and the unmarried are particularly vulnerable to harassment. In the words of one single mother who endured 10 years of harassment, the pursuit is constant, and any attempt to escape is punished further with denials of promotions and humiliation before colleagues. Co-workers, often witnesses, say nothing, eager to avoid a situation that could result in retaliation, a loss of their own positions. Sexual harassment from superiors is hence often coupled with isolation by colleagues who watch, witness and withdraw. The harassed are not only the persecuted but also the pariah.
There is a law against all this in Pakistan. The Protection Against Harassment of Women at the Workplace Act 2010, which will be six years old, is a thorough document. The code of conduct included in it defines harassment as “any unwelcome sexual advance, request for sexual favours or other verbal or written communication or physical conduct of a sexual nature, or sexually demeaning attitudes, causing interference with work performance or creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive work environment, or the attempt to punish the complainant for refusal to comply with such a request or is made a condition for employment”.
It goes on to add that “the above is unacceptable behaviour in the organisation and at the workplace, including in any interaction or situation that is linked to official work or official activity outside the office”.
The abuse of authority, creating a hostile work environment, and retaliation are the three categories that mandate action against a harasser. Detailed stipulations are set out for the establishment of investigative committees, ombudspersons, etc, who are charged with resolving the issues raised. A range of penalties from censure to outright dismissal are postulated. All employers are required to display the code of conduct prominently on their premises.
When the law was passed in 2010, it was feted as a success. It would take time for its provisions to change the culture of the workplace, the more circumspect said. Change comes slowly but a law is a first step; a legislative commitment supported by elected representatives’ signals that the path ahead will be a different one, in this case one where the harassment of women in the workplace would not be permitted.
Not much has happened since then. Harassment is still rampant in the workplace (the majority of workplaces have little idea as to what the code of conduct is, let alone of the requirement to display it visibly in employee areas).
Women still regularly report being verbally harassed and even physically assaulted by their superiors who, making calculations regarding their need for a job, their desire to get ahead, their inability to refuse, unabashedly continue with such acts. In the face of unwanted advances, Pakistan’s women continue to find themselves alone, unsure of where to take their complaints and how to protect themselves.
Even in the development sector, where the very agenda of many organisations is to empower women, similar problems persist. In one, a co-founder of an organisation faced so much harassment by a male colleague that she was ultimately forced out. New, more pliant women hired to take her position have since complained of similar problems. The man in question, however, remains untouched, undoubtedly displaying similarly harassing behaviour to new prey. Other men have come to his defence — perhaps recognising their own behaviour in those of others and eager to ensure that no one gets punished.
Misogyny is manufactured in two major flavours in Pakistan. The first is on the premises of religious obscurantists whose hankering for the reinstatement of a strictly segregated society sees the harassment-filled workplace as a grim substantiation of their warnings. Women should not be in the workplace at all, the male conscience is unable to police itself.
The second, one that wrongly labels itself as liberal and progressive, imagines it to mean a licence to harass and harangue. A woman’s willingness to put up and shut up is, in its mind, the product of this ‘progressivism’, its illogical mindset equating women in the public sphere with women sexually available to all men who may want them. The two flavours compete, their poisons infecting the working lives of women — doctors, lawyers, shopkeepers, bankers, teachers, professors and countless others — who are daily force-fed these bitter morsels of misogyny.
Laws alone cannot change society; the sexual harassment of women (and nearly everyone who reads this article either knows someone or is someone who has faced harassment) continues because it is considered permissible, something women ‘ask’ for when they leave their homes.
This belief is reflected all the time and everywhere in Pakistan, in soap operas that vilify working women as predators out to seduce innocent men, to workplace conversations in which men dissect the desirability of their female colleagues, their participation often a measure of a masculinity that fears competition from women. In the matter of sexual harassment in Pakistan’s workplaces, there are the guilty and the very guilty, they are far too many men complicit, quiet, eager to embrace or enforce their right to harass. Me and my friend went to Mcleod Ganj for a trip. There at about 8pm we left Illiterati cafe and headed towards our hotel. The road was ill lit, with hardly any people. The passers by and the people going in their cars started whistling and commenting, and stopped a few times in front of us. The experience was quite frightening since we were outnumbered, it was dark and a completely new place. I was going back home from a class, when I noticed a man following me on his bike from there to all the way back home. We were standing outside our college waiting for auto, while some boys came and started stalking us There were tow girls in the park with a lot of crowd in the park and a guy was continously following both the girls and irritated both of them Stalking This happened to an individual who was leaving for her office at 08:00am, when she saw her watchman making comments on her attire. 
Being an independent working lady, she ignored the watchman and left for work. Later that day in the union meeting, she reported the incident to the union's core committee. As a result, the union made a complaint against that watchman in his security agency and in a time span of three days the watchman was replaced with another one. yesterday i was going for a movie at pvr saket when we saw 2 creepy looking guys following us.they followed us to the place and were constantly passing lewd comments.it was not until we reached a secure position that we felt safe. A man stared at me for half an hour at the train station while we were waiting for our train to another city. i was walking to my college and two roadside guys followed me from matunga station to ruia cooleg I used to change d metro at around 8 in the evening at mandi house metro station and take up a metro towards ito. One day while i was waiting for the  metro i realized somebody was staring me for long but i did not took it seriously and ignored. Then suddenly after around 15-20days while i was walking towards the platform at the same time, i saw the same person looking at me and smiling, it was wierd but i still ignored. But now this continued for 4-5 days. He used to catch up the same metro as mine and some times even tried to talk to me at ito metro station where i used to exit.
This is all what happened. And it ended when i changed my route. Two guys passing sexual invites along with stalking Harassment staring I was waiting for my friend inside the station where a guy saw me and called me towards him through his gestures and even winked, I ignored and went to some other place and stood there and as I turned my head he stood next to me, I got scared and so I ran away and boarded the metro on the ladies compartment and thought that he would not follow me now. But then he was in the next compartment, I got down at the next station and so did he, scared me almost went to the other side of the emergency exit but the he tapped me on my shoulder and said that he wants to talk to me, I said I don't want, he said he liked me and want to have a one night stand with me, I lost it completely and got damn scared meanwhile my friend came and he went. Thank God she came. staring staring following staring following following following stalking touching staring stalking catcalls and pictures following following following following following and catcalls It was late evening I was going to the nearby market alone to buy provition. A strange middle aged man, lean and short was coming towards me, he saw me as I passed him. I don't know why but I turned back and I saw him looking at me. And he came behind me waited all the shops I entered. I became nervous and called my boyfriend since he was much nearer to my dad. That was day one, this happened a few times till one day I faked taking a picture of him and shouting that I have your picture and will show to it to the police right now in front of many passer-by's. Since then, I haven't seen him. two young guys stalking me down  on a busy road a lot of eunichs thrive in this area and extort money from students and locals alike. if refused, they misbehave A man was following me and my friends around the temple I was sitting at the bus stop as I have to every single day at 6:40 for my bus, it's quite deserted and very few people are up and about. Many times I've had men come up on bikes and jeer and cat call me and make horrible sexual remakrks. Once a guy rode up on a bike and started taking pictures of me and I had to duck. Recently when I was walking there in the evening around 6 so not that &quot;late&quot; in the span of 5 minutes two auto drivers drove up to me on the middle of full traffic and made disgusting remarks at me. maratha mandir a girl who was going home back from her school saw that one old man was following her . I was returning from college when a boy stalked me some people seemed so friendly,but kept following and simply trying to initiate a convrsation Following and drinking/commenting Guy following a man was following me for quite sometime before I had to inform people Following and commenting Blind person asked a girl to show him d way towards platfrom no. 4 bt. When girl told him the way he tried to touch her in wrong manner. a friend of mine was followed by a person While my friend was going to the toilet complex in the evening, a boy followed her. Its been a month. Following and asking for kiss. It happened in the evening in the last 30 days. My friend was harassed in the evening around 6 months back. Someone held her hand. following staring and stalking at night outside grant road station at night outside grant road station a group of guys lurking around the theater at night calling out to girls This happened in the evening around 3 months back. While I was on my way to madangir, a guy followed me. While we travel, we are harassed and because of this we cannot go anywhere.It happened in the night around  months back. This happened with me on a Sunday afternoon around 6 months back. I was in the market with my mom and there was this boy who was constantly following me. I was scared and couldn't even tell my mom. Later when my mom was inside some shop I started beating this boy and my mom was looking for me and she saw me beating this boy. Around 6 months back a boy followed me in the afternoon. This incident took place in Govindpuri, kalkaji lane no. 5. I was in the market in the afternoon wherein I noticed that a few boys were harassing a girl. They took her hand and then started singing songs.They were also using some inappropriate words. When one boy questioned them, these boys started beating him.
Its been a month. This incident took place in evening with my friend's sister.She was in the market and she was followed by some boys who asked her to be friends with them. This happened to a friend of mine in tigri.She was coming back from school where four boys surrounded and harassed her. She also shouted for help but no one intervened.The boys took her away and when her parents lodged and FIR, she was killed by the boys. I was followed by a man in a hospital. This happened to my friend one afternoon. She was standing outside her home. A man was staring and coming towards her. He then came really close her and touched and groped her.Its been around 6 months. Around 6 months back, I was followed by a guy in the evening. It happened ear the toilet complex in the night. The way towards tge toilet is usually surrounded with a group of boys who stare at us. Its been a month. I was coming back home from school with my friend in the afternoon.Some boys were passing obscene comments. its been a month. I was going home after my tuition around 8 in the evening and a guy followed me. Its been around 3 months. my neighbor would follow me whenever i went to the toilet complex. I kept ignoring him. Then one day he just entered the women's toilet and started forcing himself on me. I pushed him and ran back home but i could never tell my parents about it or they would send me back to the village Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Choglamsar (Leh) (evening)
Catcalls- at Choglamsar, Leh market and school in Leh (evening/day time)
Commenting- at school and Leh market (day time)
Touching- at school (day time)
Sexual invites- at Choglamsar (evening)
Others- asking for phone number (day time) Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Leh main bazaar in 2015 (day time)
Taking pictures- at Leh main bazaar in 2015 (day time)
Commenting- at school in Leh (day time) Stalking- at my village on 27th February, 2016 (day time) Age: 19 years
Type of harassment:
Facial expressions- at Leh market (day time)
Stalking- at Leh market (day time)
Catcalls- during tuition time in Leh (day time) Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Facial expressions- at my neighbour’s house (evening)
Stalking- at Leh market (day time)
Catcalls- at Leh market and my village (day time/evening) Age: 18 years
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Leh market near Yebhi showroom (day time)
Catcalls- in classroom at school in Leh (day time)
Commenting- “zesma lay” (looking beautiful) (day time)
Sexual invites- yes (evening) Age: 18 years old
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Ibex Colony in Leh (day time)
Catcalls- at Skalzangling taxi stand in Leh (day time)
Commenting- “deymo thong duk” (looking nice) (day time)
Sexual invites- yes (day time) Age: 15 years
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Choglamsar (Leh) in 2014 (day time) Age: 19 years
Type of harassment:
Staring/Ogling- at Choglamsar (Leh) (day time)
Stalking- at Leh main bazaar (day time)
Catcalls/Whistles- at Housing Colony in Leh (day time)
Sexual invites- yes (evening) Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Leh market when I was returning home from school (evening)
Catcalls- “chocho lay” (hey doll) (day time)
Commenting- “moti” (fat), “balu” (small) (day time/evening)
Touching- when I was at my brother’s wedding (night) Age: 19 years
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Leh market (day time)
Caltcalls- at Choglamsar near Choglamsar bridge (evening) Age: 17 years
Type of harassment:
Staring/Ogling- when I was roaming in Leh market (evening)
Stalking- in 2014 during “kachos” (sermon) in Choglamsar (Leh) (day time)
Catcalls- at market in 2015 during tuition time (day time)
Commenting- “moti” (fat) (day time) Age: 15 years
Type of harassment:
Staring/Ogling- in market (day time)
Stalking- in Leh market on 15th August, 2015 (evening)
Catcalls- on 15th August, 2015 (evening)
Sexual invites- yes (evening) Two men kept staring and passed lewd comments when I started walking away about what they would like to do to my body. Age: 18 years old
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Ibex Colony in Leh (day time)
Catcalls- at Skalzangling taxi stand in Leh (day time)
Commenting- “deymo thong duk” (looking nice) (day time)
Sexual invites- yes (day time) Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Leh market (day time)
Catcalls/Whistles- at Leh market (day time) Age: 15 years
Type of harassment:
Stalking- when I was going for tuition classes at Leh market (day time) Stalking- at Leh city (day time/evening) Om Sai Beach Huts is not safe for female solo travellers. 

While the owner, Gaurav Bhagat, was drunk he told me that he and the staff were watching me to see if I was sleeping with my friend. (who was there and staying in a seperate room) And that he called them to check what we were doing, and that the ENTIRE STAFF was giving him information about my activities and whereabouts. 

What bothers me most is NOT that he hit on me eventually - but that he and your staff were watching me and they were reporting to you what I was doing. That does not make me feel safe, in fact, because of this I have many doubts about the overall safety of the place. The hut and bathroom had holes in the walls where someone could see inside. I overlooked them, but now I doubt that someone was watching me while I slept and changed clothes and other things which require privacy. 

I cannot recommend this place to anyone knowing what he told me. Two men kept staring and passed lewd comments when I started walking away about what they would like to do to my body. A mob of thugs and drug-dealers stalking women, catcalling by-passers, and the Police does nothing.
For the Police, if you ever read, that's the guy called Mehdi, tall with a scar on the forehead, and his friends the drug dealers. MY FRIENDS AND I WENT TO GIRGAON CHOWPATTY. WHILE WE WERE WALKING A GROUP OF BOYS WAS FOLLOWING. INITIALLY WE THOUGHT IT WAS COINCIDENCE BUT SOON REALISED THAT THEY WERE FOLLOWING US SO WE ALL DECIDED TO CHANGE OUR ROUTE. When I was returning from coaching around 6 pm , two boys from their Kavi nagar on bike passed a comment firstly I ignored but then they started following me and they continuously asked me my personal details I refused to tell then I took out mobile phone from my pocket then they went from they but 2-3 days they continuously stalked me a minor girl roaming outside her place was stalked by two men . she ran fast to reach her place. a girl while going to the metro station saw somebody stalking her while talking to somebody on the phone. he followed her for 20 minutes and after she met a friend while going and the boy disappeared. When I was in that park I felt a guy is stalking. Didn't feel safe. When I was returning from coaching around 6 pm , two boys from their Kavi nagar on bike passed a comment   firstly I ignored but then they started following me and they continuously asked me my personal details I refused to tell then I took out mobile phone from my pocket then they went from they but 2-3 days they continuously stalked me Staring. Singing songs purposely.Following to some distance. Staking and indecent messages to a friend who is  from north east I was walking with my cousin on the road and many men were just staring. I was small but my sister was around 20 and she just ignored it and walked along acting like it never happened. one guy was stalking continously A person commented 'Mai Amit, mujhe pehchana kya?'&amp; assaulted the girl. MY FRIENDS AND I WENT TO GIRGAON CHOWPATTY. WHILE WE WERE WALKING A GROUP OF BOYS WAS FOLLOWING. INITIALLY WE THOUGHT IT WAS COINCIDENCE BUT SOON REALISED THAT THEY WERE FOLLOWING US SO WE ALL DECIDED TO CHANGE OUR ROUTE. I was walking when i saw someone stalking me. Stalking and making one feel uncomfortable A mob of thugs and drug-dealers stalking women, catcalling by-passers, and the Police does nothing.
For the Police, if you ever read, that's the guy called Mehdi, tall with a scar on the forehead, and his friends the drug dealers. I was being followed and whistled at, because of this I had to change my daily route I was followed, after which I could only leave the house if someone accompanied me Someone was following me. Om Sai Beach Huts is not safe for female solo travellers. 

While the owner, Gaurav Bhagat, was drunk he told me that he and the staff were watching me to see if I was sleeping with my friend. (who was there and staying in a seperate room)  And that he called them to check what we were doing, and that the ENTIRE STAFF was giving him information about my activities and whereabouts. 

What bothers me most is NOT that he hit on me eventually - but that he and your staff were watching me and they were reporting to you what I was doing. That does not make me feel safe, in fact, because of this I have many doubts about the overall safety of the place. The hut and bathroom had holes in the walls where someone could see inside. I overlooked them, but now I doubt that someone was watching me while I slept and changed clothes and other things which require privacy. 

I cannot recommend this place to anyone knowing what he told me. there is a alcohol shop in this locality where a group of boys residing at banganga stare at girls walking back home and mentally harass them. they are around everyday at 10.45-11pm at night There is a alcohol shop in this area and at night after 11 a group of boys residing in banganga come and harass girls Outside School (vasudev vidhyalaya) some boys started following me On the ground, I was looked at in a dirty fashion and also spoken to in a dirty way my colleague, also a senior at work, kept forcing me to take a lift from him. despite my refusals, he kept calling me, texting me and following me after work. it all stopped when i confronted him and told him that i am not interested and that i'll complain to the management about this. it's fine now a male member kept forcing me to go out with me, verbally as well as on mails. he would also try and talk to me outside the workplace and follow me once i left the office premises. My friend was followed by 3 boys from home to college. It happened twice. I have seen boys stalking, whistling at girls. A man was following me and my friend and commenting while we were walking down the road. A man tried to follow me and was staring at me. A guy was trying to follow me a boy was following me as i entered the garden. a group of boys started following us. whikle walking on the skywalk the sation being pretty empty few men passed by me and stated commenting whistling and stalking many times i have been a victim to eve teasing a man working in a factory near to my workplace used to follow my auto regularly Stalked by a local shopkeeper for a month A man followed me till my house 2 men were continuously following me. Police station is highly required there. A boy followed me till the college from the station. called me on the terrace with a greed of chocolates. Followed me to the bus stop for 3 days A man followed us from andheri station to bandra station A man was following me and whistling at me. A man was following me and whistling. I walked fast and lost him in the crowd. me and my cousin and her friend were having juice in the evening. there was a lot of rush and there were these 2 guys supposedly staring. since there was a crowd we werent sure. then we started walking back to our PG and we met another friend and were talking and she told us that there was someone staring. we turned and saw the same guys. we realized that we were being stalked. so we kept taking different routes until we lost them. and went back This happened near virat cinema. i was going back home. these men standing at a corner passed comments at me and touched me inappropriately. when i ran away, a few of them started following me. i pretended like an aunty walking nearby is my relative by calling her bhabhi. this scared of the men and they went away. i later told that aunty what was happening. I am 16. i had gone to khanpur for some shopping. 3-4 boys started following us. we walked faster, went through narrow lanes to lose them, but they caught up. we then entered a shop where we saw a few women and waited it out for those boys to leave. a few women asked us if everything was ok, thats when we told them what was happening. an aunty went and confronted those guys and made them leave Catcalls, comments, lots of ogling, some stalking, and sexual invites in Khan Market. Groups of men gathered, especially around the parking lot, blocking our path. They were staring, laughing, and making sexually explicit comments. More groups of men appeared after 4pm. While waiting for a cab, we tried to hide in a cafe. Also, intimidating area as some alleys are just filled with men, especially after 4pm. Commenting, catcalls, sexual invites, so much ogling, some stalking. Shopping with my mother in the early afternoon. Groups of men gathered, blocking our way, staring, laughing, making comments. Very intimidating to tourists. More groups gather after 4pm. It was especially bad near the stores/cafes near the parking lot. While waiting for a cab, we tried to go into cafes to avoid the men because we felt so unsafe. While shopping, it got difficult to find our way around and getting directions/help was difficult. Some alleys were filled with only men. I have this number +919231688222 and guy calls me at odd hours &amp; sends me lewd messages

I am from Bangalore. yes guy from calcutta and sends me messages in bengali calls at odd times, sends lewd sms, two boys followed me while returning back to kathmandu. they kept on talking to me. They were so irritating. I was returning home from school. I was followed by a boy. It made me scared. when i was to my uncle home with my sister on the way there was a group of boys  who whistled and follow us it was scary  we ran to our destination and we feel I was walking alone when a guy came and asked me my address and phone number. He even forced me to give him my number. infront of my home there is a shop where a group of boys make their junction and i used to be their one of the target i could do nothing one day my brother heard their activities and he scolded them from than they have stopped doing so the conductor of the bus from were we the group of girls had traveled followed  us till krishna temple @ patan one day i was walking from home to school. i got my shoes damaged and i went to cobbler to fix it but i dont find anyone in the shop so i went to next shop for this purpose but a man from   my back followed me and catch my hand and uses rough words an invited me for sexual activities it was a alley so i was too scared and i found a stone and hit him ran away from there and enter in one of the house there to make myself safe.now i avoid that way which recall me that incident. i was chased by group of boys it was scary and i finally manages to came out from there i feel that i was once sexually harassed. it was a incident of almost 4 month back i was walking on the alley some boys teased me and commented me with very bad and rough words and they even stalked me and stared touching here and there i was too scary moment which i never could forget finally i manages to escape out from that hell once while i was returning from shopping i was alone on the subway i find a group of bikers on the way i feel so scared while i was travelling to Tokha to visit my aunt i was staled by a middle aged man he seems so weird  and alchoholic i was stalked by a drunkard  and it was too scary than i ran to crowd place to make myself safe i saw a street boy harassing a girl who seems scared was running to avoid that i help her by scolding that street boy I was heading towards my home. On the way to my home, I was going through subway. I noticed a guy was following me. He followed me for 15 minutes. I called my brother. i was stalked by a man who looks wired and it was too scary and i share this with my friends and family while i was heading towards home some people followed me i was too scary I am 15 years old boy once i was going through the way of Nepaltar someone followed me and i was so scared On the day when I was walking with my friends. some boys followed us. when me and my friend was walking on the way one boy followed us. I was stalked and the person wanted to have my phone number I was working late as I was coming back home from stage I saw some two men following me but I decided to increase my speed by good luck I mate some other people and went home together some strange people were following me one of them asked for my phone number I decided to give him a wrong number so that I could be free from them It was in the evening a certain started following me because each time I stopped he was also stoping and when started walking he was also walking I was so scared and changed my roote and make sure that he was not following me at all I saome women being followed by men at night One day I received a message from a man who was stalking me over the phone and calling me with funny names,I emmediately blocked the number there some boys who like to stop young women and if women refuse they follow them up to where their going she was walking going to the market when a boy following her slapped her butt and ran off leaving her embarassed was walking from Undugu School to st. john primary school a group af men asked if they could escort me I said no and they started following until when  I reached home is when they stopped following me a girl was going home and men behind her started following while calling her,she ignored and went on there was this boy who was calling and even following me on  day on my way to school I saw some men following a lady on her way to work I was followed by some boys as they call me but I ignored and ran off she was walking going to the market when a boy following her slapped her butt and ran off leaving her embarassed on my way home from an evening lecture,I noticed two men following me but was lucky to escape as a friend joined me a man who wa following me to the shop came and touched my butt.he tried to do it again but I ran away very early in the morning going to church,two men who were following her caught her and tried to rape her before she screamed and ran away there is this man who follows me evrywhere and evrytime.people say he is mad but I suspect him I was heading to work when I noticed someone following me,I decided to change routes and that’s when he shoouted saying am a prostitute and didn’t have a golden vagina..!!! a group of girls ran away after thy realized that they were being followed by some men who had bad intentions because they were calling and whistling at them there is a man in my neighbourhood who kidnaps girls and rape them.one of the victims said that she was carried away and dumped as I  was walking along the roadside, this man wanted to touch my burst but I stopped him before he did so.the next time I met him he made sure that he touched my butt.it was so annoying on my way home there was this man who was calling out on people then pretends not to have called them.he did the same to me but mine was different ashe started following me while calling out loud.i stopped and asked him what he wanted only to find out that he wanted me to follow him to his house I had gone to visit my cousin who stays there and at night when I arrived in that area some one followed me until I disappeared at a bent it was in the afternoon, a man was following me taking photos of me without my concent especially my bubs on my way to my uncle's home on Saturday a man was following a young girl while whistling At our school there are some boys who smoke bang just next to the fence and if they see a girl, the run after them I got to toi market through makina stage and on the way a man accidentally knocked me on the forehead using his elbow. He was sorry and I said its fine.  He followed me and held me by my waist still telling me he is sorry. I told him I was ok and iremoved his hands from my waist. he again held my waist and now he was holding tighter.  i struggled to pull off then i walked away quickly. as I was taking my son to school in  the morning, I met an old man wo touched my buttocks.  When I asked he wanted to beat me up till I ran to the DO's place to report I was on my way to the shop when some drug dealer was just on my back following slowly, he said to me thatif I do not go with him to his house he will kill me on the spot, I sped off and ran very quick. some boys were whistling at me while following me I was heading home and I realised two men were following me. When I turned back, they suddenly turned back pretending they werent following me some boys always follow girls to their homes without them knowing we were comuing from schol headed home when we met a group of boys who called us to go and gret them and when we refused they started following us to our home it was on a Sunday morning as we were going to church, we met a group of boys who call themselves gaza one of them started chasing us when you pass they call you if you refuse they abuse you and even start following you to your home On my way from school I saw a group of boys smoking bhang and I got afraid when they saw this they started chasing me and insulting me that I should be married by now I was going to the stage to board a bus and a very dirty men kept standing beside me and when I moved, he also moved closer. He was following me everywhere I moved to there is a boy who usually follows me to our home everyday I was walking and a man was following me and started calling me as I was going to buy vegetables along the road I found two men next to a shop and they started following me I was going to church when a certain man came and asked me my name. When I refused he started following me a girl was passing and some men started calling her and following her when i was on my way to home few local guys teased me on the tea shop. near to gopi krishna hall at bhaktyapul, a group of local boys does several sexual harassment.that place is really unsafe to walk at evening and night time. they first follow us and try touching us, if possible they will even rape.we need more street lights and police security at that place. when i was on my way to home some boys teased me and passed comment on me. a guy used to follow the girl whenever she is out of the home.. it was that guy everyday routine and girl was scared to come out from house when i was walking through street, some boys 4-5 were  beside me and they start signing and whistling on me and later on they were laughing and commenting when i was going to shop, one guy followed me while on my way back to home from college, i saw one middle aged guy was commenting and following one lady. i couldn't do much to help her as i was not aware of their relationship. but the guy look rough some boys of that gairidhara area whistles, follows and try blocking my way. i feel very scared to walk that area. i think the place from alice restaurant to chinese embassy is unsafe for girls to walk during evening. we need more street lights n police security at that place. one guy repeatedly calls me and harass me. i have told him manytimes not to call me or follow me but he didn't listen on my way to school in the morning ti me few boys followed me and tried to show me pron videos and picture. it was very disturbing on my way to school at morning time, few boys followed me and try to show me nude photos. I was walking to a new place and alone. I was followed by strangers. I was helpless and afraid. Then I got an idea and pretended as if I am talking on phone with some one I know. Some boys followed my friends Gina on the way. One boy said that he loves her so much.He keeps on following Gina. Sexual invites,Taking pictures I witnessed a guy staring at girl. He even followed her. Once i was followed by one unknown person while returning home.It was really scary. i am a boy.i usually get commenting , catcalls, facial expression and one day i was also followed by a man who looks wired which was very scary when I was going to my relative's house. I was followed by one of my friend who had proposed me. I hadn't accepted his proposal. I was going to house after my evening extra-tuition class. There was a boy who came to and asked me why I was walking all alone. I shouldn't have come alone as it isn't safe and by next time if I have to come then I can call him and he would come and help me. I felt that he himself was acting smart and harassing me. It was winter season. I was coming home at evening time. I was all alone. I didn't get vehicle so planned to walk. I came home by short route where some boys followed me. I was scared. This is why I waited for someone to come by the way and I would go with him. Thank god, there came another man. I crossed the way with him. Taking pictures,Whistles, Commenting,Stalking i was followed by a boy from my school to home when i was visiting white gumba with my friends three boys on the way commented on us One tall boy almost regularly teases me. He comes to my gate and catcalls and sings song in an indecent manner. when I was returning from school to my home, on the subway, two/ three guys followed me and they were taking my photos. That day me and my friends were returning from my friend's home and some boys chased us and asked our name and phone number. Verbal sexual harassment, sexual invites,touching, etc. It was about to be night,i was walking alone in highway.One gang of bad boys started to tease me.To be honest i was in shorts.I was too scared so i didn't even get courage to look at their face so i ran but they started to follow me &amp; suddenly i entered in someone's house &amp; they thought that was my house so they returned back to their way. it was night with low street light a boy whistle and follow me while me and my sister were passing through the alley some boys were whistling, staring and commenting on my dress up and the way i walked. i am a nursing student. i was returning home from my college some boys commented on me unnecessarily and started following me.it was too scary suddenly my brother came and i fell relief it was a crowded vehicle. one man was leaning his body over mine. it was making me uncomfortable. during my college one of my englis teacher used to touch my hand, back and stare very badly .i dont know from where he got my number he stared calling me everyday.due to this i have to switch my phone off for several month while me and my friends was buying vegetables,some unknown people stalked us on the way by passing comments me and my sister were followed by an unknown person in his bike. My friend's mother is a single parent. Her neighbour stalked and commented her rough words when she used to be alone. I along with three other friends were returning from party. Two boys teased us by singing and commenting us but we ignored them. Then they followed us. One of them even pulled my friend's hair. So, I carried a brick from road and threatened them. its an incident of a sister i know.well it started when a boy started following her.first day, she didn't notice him but as days past, that boy become visible enough staring at her &amp; following till home.she didnt report it with anyone but one day while she was walking with one of her boy friend that guy also saw her and the same day he slapped her in the evening me and my sister were followed by an unknown person in his bike One day while I was going to school, an unknown boy called me and even tried to follow me. Was followed by a 15 year old boy at the skywalk. (vile parle) someone was following one lady on the street of jyatha. it has basically poor street light and narrow path. a beautiful lady of about 24-26 years was harassed by the group of boys by whistling, commenting, staring n taking pictures. i was going to the shop to buy some groceries item at evening time. some boys were following me and were just commenting to me. i didn't know them i feel scared and moved away i was returning from my tution classes. in the street some  boys started following me i ran but they did not stooped they chased me to all the way to my home. one day when me and my younger brother was walking in the street some boys followed us. we were scared. they whistles and started to walk briskly. then we walk fastly to the crowd area then they stop following us. i was going to my uncle house. few people followed me. i try to avoid them and try changing my path but as i changed mine, they use to change their as well. i was very frightened and scared. me n my sisters where returning home and some boys start teasing us. they were little drunk n few were smoking ciggrates. they were 5-10 boys. they start taking picture of ours and 2 of them followed us. we escape by running very fastly. once fren of mine got followed by few boys. as she was walking alone in the street those two guys followed her. she stayed at shop for smtm to cool down the situation but those guys were waiting her outside the shop. so she ran and enter unknown person home nearby that shop. and after entering into that house those guys stop following her. once, there was a girl she was always followed by group of boys. once she was going to school, those guys followed her, she got scared and they even try to touch her so the following day she shared her story to her mother. mother made a complain at police station after that those guys were under custody and the gurl was safe. one of my friend told me that she was followed by some guy everyday. but she didn't care about that as no one initiate to take action and she don't have guts to stand on her own. one day when me and my elder sister was walking in the street. some guys followed us. we were scared and we started to walk briskly. but they whistled and also started to walk briskly and then we hurriedly went to the crowd and hide slowly with the crowd. then they stopped there and we were safe. When i was going to my sister place, one guy followed me. i try to change path but he didnt stopped to followed me. i start to run n he ran too. so i fastly took the narrow path and went to my sister place. when i shared it to my sister, she said ignore it. one day when i was walking on the road alone some boys followed me, commented to me and whistled me. i was very afraid. it was evening when i was walking on the road. i start to walk very fast and i reached my home and i share this to my mother. One day my aunt was going to market, some boys follwed her. When I was coming back from office, the auto driver intentionally took the auto on wrong path in dark and was starring on me continuously while me and my friend were crossing the road, a random guy on the signal was sitting on his bike and called us. We thought he needed some help but we came to know that it was only for fulfilling his pathetic desires i was going to my house. it was dark already. some guys followed me. they look like gambler. they started commenting. i was very scared that time but suddenly a man who was known to me shouted my name and i went with him. My friend was been stalked by guy &amp; got her no. through someone &amp; started messaging inappropriately A girl was stalked and tried to be molested. Her cousin was followed by a stranger while shopping in bandra. A guy from nearby building stalking me &amp; somehow got my phone no. &amp; photos &amp; keeping it as his whatsapp profile photo without my permission A man followed her from station to her house. A guy used to follow me everyday from college till the end of my road for a week till i changed my route. While crossing the signal, a man sitted on bike called out ,I thought he was asking for some help but as I went he was just asking me to fulfill his pathetic desire. Once while walking across the bridge , my friend was shoved and pushed and the stranger grabbed his hold on her chest. Chapris who are drunk often comment and stalk when i was coming in my school for morning tuition. A young man followed me and ask me my detail. he followed me for a long way and my name .i felt uncomfortable and ignored him and ran away. i m agirl followed by a guy n saying jus wan talk i dont know him thats why i ran away complain him with my parents some group of guys followed me and my friend on the way to school and we had to change the route some guys followed me and my friend ONE DAY MY SISTER WALKING AT CHABEL CHOCK SOME BOYS FOLLOWD HER BUT SHE SMART SHE ACT LIKE SHE TAALKING TO PHONE N SAYING LOUDLY THAT MY IS IN POLISH THEN THE BOYS RAN FASTER FRM THERE some guys followed my sister when she was returning from her college A 40 year old man was staring at me on the bus and i felt so uncomfortable. one of known girl told me that ...she was folloewd by one boy for last 4-5 mints. i help her. a guys follows a nurse after her night duty at evening time i was returning home frm market ............one guy following me i was scared n run away frm thre while returning from my friend,s house , i was followed by a stranger. i saw some boys are following one girl..................n she feels insecure n harese When I was going to my hostel a group of guys followed me and teased me. I felt sad all day. When I was going to college some guys stared, whistled at me, commented on me and followed me. The incident happened in Bhat-Bhateni superstore, I saw a girl aged 20 approx. was being followed by a old age man and he was giving her trouble. I saw a girl being harassed by a group of boys. They were staring at her dress then started whistling and teasing the girl as she passed by them. The girl ignored them but they followed her until she met her friend. While returning from the college a guy followed and then he asked for my number I didn't gave him still he tried to touch me I cried out loudly then he went away. When I was in returning from my college and heading toward Maitighar bus stop. The boy came and asked me way to Thapathali, I showed him the way and started to walk but the guy followed me and asked me personal questions. I walked faster and reached the bus stop where there were lots of people then the guy walked away from there. When I was going to my uncles house, some guys followed me and teased me. I was feeling sad whole day. When I was going to my college in morning, I felt that someone was following me. When I turned back I saw a guy, I didn't know the intention of the guy and it certainly made me uncomfortable. When I was walking in the street there were group of boys who followed  me as well as commented me with vulgar words. Me and my friend was returning from school. Then three boys started following us, passed comments as well as they tried to take our picture. one day my aunt was returniec frm office .. shaunt e found one gal was fallowed by one guy frm many days so she was scraed n my aunt help her n souted that guy she was on her way to town when she realised that her neighbour had followed her from kibera to her place of work. a girl wa being chased and followed by several boys around the legion maria church area on her way to the shop at around 7.30pm there is this boy who keeps following me at night asking me if he can escort me to the shop When passing at Toi market, some men follow you up to where you are going When you pass at Darajani, there are men who usually follow you and if you tell them to stop they abuse you or beat you my classmate likes following girls especially when we are going home and if we tell the teacher, she does nothing about it some men were following me from school upto our house and told me that they will take me away some men were following me and forced me to give them my number and I gave them my mothers number some boys always follow the girls upto their homes and the girls do not realize they are being followed There are some boys always following me while I am going home after school Boys always call girls but if you refuse to go or reply to them they satrt following you I was at makina stage and two high school girls were walking from school to home a boy was running towards them and finally approached them and started talking to them but they did not want. He was insisting on touching their hands to talk to them but they walked faster and he gave up. While I was studying in class 8 one of my teacher proposed me with ill intention although he was married. I told my mom and she reported to principal. Later the school took the action against him by firing him. she was on her way to town when she realised that her neighbour had followed her from kibera to her place of work. a girl wa being chased and followed by several boys around the legion maria church area on her way to the shop at around 7.30pm When passing at Toi market, some men follow you up to where you are going I was at makina stage and two high school girls were walking from school to home a boy was running towards them and finally approached them and started talking to them but they did not want. He was insisting on touching their hands to talk to them but they walked faster and he gave up. i was going to the mother dairy with my friend. she was being harassed by a guy for many days, he would pass comments at her. that day and the next 1-2 days we ignored him but after that he came and grabbed her hand. my friend and i shouted at him but he kept saying objectionable things to my friend. we both had learned self defense in college so we used it against him and it worked. we also shared this incident with our parents i had gone to the mother dairy nearby, a guy started following me. i was really scared and kept pretending that i have not noticed him i was going to my friend's place with her. 3 boys on the street started following us and singing obscene songs. my friend turned back and shouted at them, they laughed at us first but then went away when i was going to the toilet complex, i noticed a guy staring at me, when i looked at him, he started making indecent gestures. after using the toilet, i went to the market with my mother, i noticed the same guy there. he went away when he saw my mother is around i was followed by a man on my way home from the market a guy followed me to the toilet complex and kept staring at me. sometimes it feels that they think we are available just because we are using a public toilet we don't have toilets in our house so we have to go to a nearby complex. few boys standing around the toilet formed a group and started commenting on me and my body and even tried peeping into the toilet i was followed by a guy i had gone to the sunday market in tees hazari. a guy was following me in the market and looking at me inappropriately. he made indecent gestures. i kept ignoring him and was also reluctant to tell my mom about it. this guy kept on with his act, finally i lost my cool and i went to him and shouted at him for making me so uncomfortable. he started lying to me that he did not do it, people around gathered and started hitting him near my tuition center there was a shop where i would buy stuff from after my classes, a guy would always be there at the same time and he would pass comments on my clothes this happened to me a year back when i was going to the center. a guy would follow me and that scared me. i always ignored him. then one day i received a call from him, i had no idea how he received my number. he would send me messages and insist that i be with him. one day i mustered the courage and i called him and told him to stop troubling me, i even abused him, and threatened that i'll inform the police 3 months back i was being harassed by a man to an extent that it depressed me and changed my lifestyle completely. i was scared about everything, even going out for work. on my way back from work, this guy would follow me from the bhoomiya dev temple on the main road to wherever i went. he even clicked pictures of me on his phone. he told people around me that he loves me and would slit his wrist if i dont come to him. he even threatened me that he'll harm me with a blade if he saw me with someone else. i do not know how it ended but it was the worst thing happening to me i used to drop my brother at a tuition center in block-a. this guy who might have been following me because i saw him several times just staring at me and walking along. he approached me and asked me to be friends with him saying he liked me a lot. i told him to not trouble me but he kept persisting. i was so scared that i changed my brother's center but it did not end here, he started appearing on the street where i live. i was followed by a school boy in sanjay camp a guy followed me near the park in sanjay camp. a guy unknown to me keeps following me and asks me for kisses. my friend was being troubled by a guy who kept misbehaving in a sexual way making her very uncomfortable. this happened in sanjay camp gali no. 1 this incident happened to a friend of mine. she met a man near her street where she lives. he would keep looking at her. she kept ignoring him. he tried talking to her and becoming friendly. he insisted that they talk on the phone and she shared her phone number. he started sending her obscene sexual messages. i called up that guy and shouted at him, he has now stopped bothering my friend my friend was going to college when she was commented at by a few boys standing there. this happened in H-II block of madangir two men on a bike followed me in the morning when i was going to school. they were way older. i can never understand why will someone follow a child like this, we are not safe anywhere. the area where my school is also very unsafe. my friends and i always discuss how common harassment is here and how always girls are blamed and made to sit at home when they complain i was going to school in the morning, a riksha puller started following me slowly, when i looked at him, he leered at me, i ran all the way to my school and i could hear him laughing i was going to my relative's place in the afternoon. a man started following me, he was humming songs and commenting on my clothes. i started running and went through the streets to lose him i am being followed by an old man every day from my school to my house. he really scares me but i am too scared to tell anyone about it. everyone blames girls. in my school, my friend is being followed by a boy from her neighborhood after she finishes school. he offers her ice creams and chocolates but she refuses. she told him not to follow him but he does not stop my friend is being followed by two men from her school to her house every day. she told me about it but we are very scared to inform our parents because they will stop us from going to school then and we want to study few boys got to know where i was living and they would pass comments and follow me. i informed my landlord about them and he confronted them. i have not seen them around ever since two men followed me all the way from my school to the street i live in. i waited for them to go away so that they don't get to know where i live. my friend and i were getting back home from school through dda park. we saw a man following us and we quickly rushed out and mingled in the crowd and got away i was stalked by a man all the way from balaji chowk to my house, i did not know how to make him go away. this happened late at night, it was dark. i was getting back from shukar bazaar in the evening. a man started following me and was whistling while walking along. i ignored and quickly got back home to the safe confines. i feel scared going out alone i noticed i was being stalked by an old man on my way from work. our area is anyway very dangerous and poorly lit, i decided to ignore him and walk as fast as i could. i was stalked by a guy near the park in shiv vihar. this happened late in the evening, it was dark, i decided not to confront him and quickly get home. i was going to my school in shiv vihar. i noticed a boy following me. when i asked me why he was doing this, he started groping and touching me. i started shouting and told him to go away, he then abused and slapped me. he pushed me, i fell to the ground. he went away and i ran to school after that. this happened early in the morning. a man kept following me in the wednesday market as i was buying vegetables. this market is a nuisance. such occurrences are usual and we do not know what to do. a man followed me from the wednesday market to where i was going. i tried to mislead him so that he does not figure out my home address. i had spotted him in the market a man would stalk me from the market to my house in the evening and insist on being friends with me. he was way older to me and all of this scared me. this mostly happened when i would be returning from the wednesday market a boy stalked me for weeks at a stretch but i was too scared to do anything about it. a man would stalk me on my way to home and whenever i looked at him, he would stare back. this happens near ravi bazaar, pradhan chowk. i was getting home from my tuitions when i noticed that i am being followed by a group of men. when i confronted them, they denied that they are following me. this happened in the afternoon. a man near my house would keep staring at me. he then started following me to my school. one day he came really close and started whispering sexually suggestive things and even tried touching me inappropriately. i did not go to school for a few days and i was very scared to inform my mother also about it. this happens near hanuman mandir in vikas nagar. this incident happened at the wednesday market. a man was constantly staring at me and following me around. when i told a vendor nearby about it, he confronted the man who then went away. this happened in the evening. i had gone to the wednesday market in the afternoon. on my way back, a man followed me back home, i got scared and ran to inform my brothers about it. my brothers then beat him up and made him apologize this happened in the dda park near wednesday market. i was going back home from school in the afternoon when two men started following me. i got really scared. my friend and i were returning home from work. two men started whistling and following us. we were scared and we walked faster and ignored them. i told my mother about it who told me to ignore them and avoid further trouble. we take a different route now a friend of ours was being stalked by 2 men for days at a stretch. she told us about it that she is scared to confront them and keeps ignoring. we told her to react before things go out of hand. my friend used to work as a domestic help at an uncle's place. on her way to work, she was being followed and commented at by few men. she informed her employer about it who then confronted these men and got them to stop i had gone to the market to eat something with my sister in the evening. on our way back, a guy started following us, we ran home. when we told our mom about it, she blamed us for inviting this upon ourselves. a man misbehaved with me in the market. no one helped me i had gone to a shop near my house to buy some stuff in the evening. 2 boys started following me, i got scared and shouted but no one came to help me. i walked faster, when i spotted my father, i called out for him and these boys ran away then. this happened in vikas nagar, street no-2. She was a student of inifd. In 2015, Her institution organized a fashion show.  The program was over at 12 am. She and her friend were coming together. At apte road, one guy invite them to sit on his bike and he went forward and was waiting for them. Meanwhile her friend came to pick up them and she returned to her hostel. After the class I was going to my hostel from fc road. One man was my back. He was changing a road as i am. After that i increased my walking speed. He also increased it. I was scared. At that time I met my two hostel friends. I felt relaxed. I just go with my friends. After that he was not there. reported stalking Guy saw me near bus stop followed me little ahead and. Boarded the same bus as I did.later he stopped when he saw my dad with me. Stalking, Staring, Groping, Sexual Invites Few men, sitting on their bikes kept stalking our group. As soon as a police van was passing by we decided to report but before we could, they fled from the spot. the accused stalked the victim while she was returning from her tutions. a strange looking man followed the victim from her coaching institute to her home. I was going to my college in morning time.Three boys were sitting near the road and suddenly they started commenting on me .I asked for help ,no one came there to stop them so , I returned to my home without going college as they were not not allowing me to go. once i was out with my friends for a movie, they were a few creeps at the theater who were following us around after the movie. they stopped following us until we changed the routes. near shivaji market, pushp vihar, new delhi, someone was stalking me I was coming back from my college in a private cab. As soon as I reached my stop, the driver said he wanted to call a friend he forgot his mobile at his place. I gave him my mobile to help him but he called himself and saved my number. Then next day onward I used to get calls messages, after 2 days I told my dad and then within a week I switched my number I WAS GOING TO COACHING WHEN A MAN STALKED ME i was returning from coaching when a boy stalked me. I was going from college I was returning from college when a boy stalked me. I was returning from market when a boy started to follow me and gave vulgar comments. it was rainy season, not many people were around. someone was whistling and making sexual invites.it seemed too odd, I somehow managed to escape Age: 15 years
Type of harassment:
Staring- at Leh market in February 2015 (day time)
Stalking- at Leh market in February 2015 (day time)
Catcalls- in Leh  in 2016 (day time/evening)
Others- “will you give me phone number of yours please?” (day time) Someone touched me inappropriately, near vasu dev school I was with my friend and it was raining heavily when a group of boys stalked us and then commented. Boys stalking at girls Following on bandstand, making awkward hand gestures.Forcefully trying to strike a conversation. Near the temple in my community (Indira Nagar) I was stalked When coming back from college, some boys followed me from the road I was being stalked in my community (Indira Nagar) so I was forced to change my route I was followed in the lanes of my community In a lane in my community, I was groped. Yes,near the ground- ogling, stalking and  whistling Some boy was following me ithappened to me when i was travelling back home and he followed me and tried to have a conversation a friend of mine was abused asa child my friend was teased and man handled at a station over bridge crossing on her way back home at night. she was on her way back home from college near mulund. she helped herself and ran away from there. she didnt speak about it for days. it was only later when she spoke about it i was followed and commented by the a man while i was walking on the street while i was crossing the road i was teased and followed by a man and he was also trying to touch me it was on our holiday so me and my friend went to visit pashupatinath temple some strangers flirt anh tried to catch my hand it was too frightening I am a 15 years old boy. a year ago i was stalked by the group of people who robbed my cell phone, money etc a group of boys were commenting and following us on the subway some school boys followed me while returning home from school i am a male. i study in grade 9.i got comment ,whistling, stalking. When my friend was going to her friend's house. She was followed by a stranger. we the group of us three were returning by visiting a famous monastery white gumba on the public vehicle two boys followed us from that place to gongabu i live far from my school.while coming to school some boys teased me which made me uncomfortable and depressed two years ago, when i was returning home town from village a boy followed me up to my house he was forcing me to give  my number to him. for more than a week he keep on following me to my house. when we were in college, boy of next faculty used to follow my friend unnecessarily &amp; give nonesense comment and make her mentally disturbed so she shared this incident with me and we complained this matter to our coordinator mam. after that we had not seen that person At evening while returning from my college to home, I was followed by a guy. I had been noticing him since few days back. when i was returning home after school a man in bike snatch my bag from backward once there was a boy and girl in a silent road and boy was commenting on girl and he was enjoying the silent road whereas girl was very scared and was walking fast. i was walking on my way to mamaghar and few guys at round about they start teasing me and followed me. while i was going to home from bus stop, one person followed me and my sister. we were scared. then we walk start slowly but that guy also lower his pace and he was following slowly. he followed us till our home and we got scared one young man followed and i was coming from dhungedhara with bottles in my bags and he catch my hand and pool toward him.i coundnt do anything as i was not big enough to fight nor ppl around helped me. i have to finally shout and he left me. when i was going to buy cd some people were asking about my home and trying to make me afraid. when i walked from cd shop those guy start following me and i have to hide from them so i took some narrow path and escape from them. My sister was followed and teased by few guys while returning home after attending fren b'day. Two men were following my aunt on a Sunday morning. They tried calling out to her and asked her to come to a nearby parked auto as someone she knew was waiting for her One day we four frens were walking in the kanti road,lazimpat. we saw a basketball match for few minutes and walked nearby garden at kanti hospital. In garden, some stranger boys were playing football and invited us to join them but we denied. Then we walked away from them but they followed us and later on they started asking money with us. We ignored them but the situation became worst as they start touching us so it end up with big fight. I was with some of my friends in a car. Some guys came and knocked at the door.the blackmailed us and tried to harras us sexually and verbally . when i was at buspark one man was following me throught balaju. he was very rought. he alwas catches my hand when i told him not to touch me he said i want you. so however went to my parents and tell about this incident my parents react about this and he was punished. Me and my friends were walking just then the group of guys started to walk behind us, the started saying &quot; can we join you&quot;. Then we walked faster again they commented &quot; Don't walk fast&quot; and started following us and commented &quot;will you be my girlfriend?&quot;. We refused and walked faster, they still followed us for few minutes and stopped following. When I was going to home from college. A guy on the bike followed me. It was around 4 am in the morning, I was going to my college. I was followed by some boys. They followed me at the same time twice before as well. It happened to someone I know, when she was coming to home from her office. The group of boys teased, followed and tried to touch her. She fought back to this incident. When I was returning from school, an old man followed me and tried to touch my body. After finishing my college I was returning home. some hooligan guys commented, whistled me and stalked me to the home. I was followed by some boys while returning from the college. The passage was quite. It sacred me as they started giving me voice too. I walked fast and went to the area where there were many people. Then they stopped following me. I had gone on a walk in the evening and was listening music.Soon I saw a boy following me. I saw him again for next 3 days but then I took my brother along with me and he never came back. i was stalked by a man all the way to my hostel. 2 boys followed me from kamla nagar till my hostel, whistling on and off. i told them to go away and that made them even more abusive. i just ignored and walked faster. 4 boys outside the sunday market made sexual invites towards my friends. they even followed them  for a certain distance and then disappeared. my friends just ignored. this is very common in this area. my sister was stalked on her way back home from the sunday market. a guy at my tution center keeps following me to my place, i am scared but if i tell my parents, they will stop me from going for my classes. a man in his 30's kept stalking me when i was getting back from work. things went out of hand when he clicked my pictures and said that he will morph them. I involved my parents who reported it to the gender resource center and then to the police. my sister was stalked by two boys on her way to the tuition in the evening. the street lights were not working so she could not see who they were but it scared her. now i drop her. i was coming back from school when i noticed a drunk man was following me. I kept ignoring him and walked faster. I always move around with my friends now. Guys commenting and stalking I was followed and stared at when crossing the road to go to the nearby market. This was opp Ananda apartments. I was followed and commented on &quot;Kya boobs gain&quot; and &quot;Maal lag rahi hai&quot; Stalking Group of guys chasing me and ogling Harassment on the metro feeder bus I was in Kamla Nagar Market when four boys started following me and commenting on me. Harassment Harassment at Rajiv chowk metro station Guys constantly stalking and staring at women and passing obscene comments at CCD Connaught Place There were two boys standing in the centre of the market and stalking me and my friend. A guy followed us around khan market from one shop to the other and then to the parking lot. We had to tell the police officer. My sister and her friend were stalked by three guys. they continuously followed them almost about 15-20 minutes. I was waiting at the Inderlok metro station at the exit gate. A group of four boys passed cheap comments and followed me. On seeing a policeman they turned around and ran away. I was stalked by 3 men around 7 pm as I was returning of my tuitions. A person stalks my sister every time she goes out alone. A car followed me to the bus stop and this started happening regularly. They pass comments too. A bike followed me every time I go to nearby market and pass comments too. Stalking I was being stalked by 2 boys who after following me for about an hour tried to make conversation. On my refusal to talk to them they got hold of me. Luckily there were other people around. One of my classmates stalked me for a month. I was coming back from my college and a guy was following me on his bike. He followed me till my house. We went to Select Citywalk whereby when we were leaving there were these boys following us in their car and commenting on us. A friend of mine got followed almost everyday by guys and called out a few times which increased day by day by the same two guys until intervention was done. A girl living in my colony being stalked by 3-4 guys almost everyday. My colony has a significant population of IAS officers, IPS officers, Jurists, etc. Touching, groping, stalking, catcalls and whistles in Delhi Ogling in metros and buses. Following and stalking till home and stalking on phone. - - - - everytime i visit the market, one man or the other eyes me like an object - - it's a really unsafe area for women - - - - .. sector 10 market My friend was being stalked by a random guy. He kept calling and messaging her for a few days until she had to complain to the police. Stalking and coomenting by local boys Stalking and commenting by a group of men Staring unnecessarily, commenting weird stuff I witnessed incidents of eve teasing and harassment with someone I know. I was stalked by a drunk man I was at the metro station. Two boys daily follow me and pass their comments. Misbehaving with girls when they go out for buying their clothes Harassed at Dharavi Harassed at Kurla station Stalked by a pervert boy till Inorbit Goregaon My ex boyfriend started stalking and black mailing me. Everywhere I went he was there back of me. I was too scared to leave my house. So for a month I did not go anywhere. It happened between June 2014. later my sister and a friend helped me to get out of this situation.

location - my college, home, tuitions, everywhere I went A forced and repeated attempt to stalk and sext on Facebook. A guy passed comments on my friend and started singing an item song as she passed he felt it. One guy purposely bashed into me. I grabbed him and slapped him. There was a guy in the same bus in which I was travelling and since there was a seat empty besides me, he sat and purposely was pushing me. A friend was stalked continuously for 20 days by a stranger on the way back from her tuition to home. My friends and me went to Carter road and we were having some fun. Suddenly my friend noticed a guy taking pictures of us. So we went up to him and told him to show us the phone. And we found the pic, deleted it and slapped the man and walked off. When we went to Rajasthan for a trip. When we went in a desert there were boys who were trying to take pictures of girls. stalking at Borivali The person following my sister and passed comments and tried to touch her.

Dongri from Sabu Siddique hospital to Shalimar. My cousin and I were on the scooter riding along Marine drive sea face. A bike came along from behind with 2 guys who kept smiling, ogling and they kept trying to distract us. They would zoom across and come in our way again and again.

It happened on Marine Drive but they followed us on our way home (lost half our route). They stopped at Mohammed Ali Rd and diverted their route. Unfortunately there are more than one incident that happened. One of them was in front of the SOBO mall where a car started following us. She was alone, trying to catch an auto. A man tried to touch her in an improper manner. She faced him and shouted back to which he smartly ignored and walked away pretending to be unaware of what just happened. I was harassed near sukh sagar Forceful touching in the train forceful touching outside school When i was in school there is one boy who always stares at me and whenever I go somewhere he always follows me whether it is my tuition or street. Harassment Eve teasing 

Near Mc donalds Sector 14, dwarka This incident took place on 17-09-14 around 2-4pm at the metro station.
My friend usually get harassed on daily basis on this station.I would like safe city to take initiatives to stop this.It is very unsafe (Please) This incident took place three months ago during the night at rooster pub.
A man in his late 40's in Indian  clothes sat in the corner and ogling at the girls who were there.He was passing lewd looks and comments to his minors. I had heard a number of complaints from female students of the Podar School. But today, I too experienced it. Many men wander along the Santacruz (W) skywalk and when they set their eye on a girl, they begin to follow her. To the extent that when you ask them what they think they are doing, they ignore you and walk off. I was walking along a road, asked if I needed a lift, was followed by another car on the same night, who crawled until the lack of response I gave made them give up. Last year I was followed home from [a local nightclub], by a man who tried talking to me. If there weren't for a couple outside halls who knows what could have happened. Hello! I am at 17 yrs old girl, a man has been following me from my tuition classes to home daily. I am scared to share this with anyone. Can u help me in this regard?? A stranger man followed me from Dombivli station to gpute road. When i realized he is been following me, i turned around and scolded me back. He denied that he was doing so. I was travelling back home, but since there was lot of crowd on the road side, i did not get the rickshaw. Hence i decided to walk down. I did call my husband to pick me up, but till he comes instead of waiting i decided to walk. I started walking from Thane station after crossing the Alok hotel's backside road, some group of young drummers started following me at first I ignored by later they started passing comment i could not do anything but decided to keep walking silently. They were following me till my husband came. On seeing my husband they just ran away and some of they stopped under the pretext of smoke

Thane Station road, near aalok hotel There is a shop right opposite my building. The shopkeeper there followed me when I was going for classe by bus at Jogeshwari from the bus stop , in the bus till my classes. The other day he did the same thing on this I aked him the reason &amp; the answer was as stupid as he said he came to drop me &amp; used a wrong word. As I was getting late I rushed off. He was waiting down my classes seeing this I told my Sir &amp; so he came down along with me seeing this he ran away &amp; stopped following. men follow girls on the skywalk at Bandra station I was travelling from Panchpakhadi area to Thane station, for my tuition. I was riding a bicycle and one man was following me on bicycle. He was constantly trying to speak to me. He wanted to know my name and wanted to know whether do I ride through this route everyday at the same time. I just ignored him. There was nothing i could do as i wanted to rush to my tuition. My friend and I were going to get some dinner near CST station. We were unable to get a cab so we decided to walk instead. After a while we noticed a guy following us and to make sure that he was we crossed the road a few times. Finally we entered McDonald's feeling that we would be safe there but that didn't happen. the guy stood outside on the footpath and every time we got up to get something he leaned forward to peep in and look at us. We informed the watch man about it but he didn't do anything about it. At the end we called up one of our relative who came to our rescue. I remember once a group of boys followed me from a bus stop to my residence. I was shit scared, they kept passing lewd remarks over me and I was helpless. I saw one man stalking me. I got into a train towards CST from Kurla, i saw that man on Kurla station. When i got down at Dadar station, he followed me there also. When i went to Grant road station I was really scared to see him board the taxi. I made up mind and decided if i see him once i get off from taxi, i will report to police. But luckily he did not follow me till then. The experience was scary, i don't know whether he was following me or we both wanted to go to the same place. Groups of boys, have been following me and my friends who access bandra skywalk. We get on skywalk from kalanagar stop and walk towards bandra station, its quiet a long stretch and these boys loiter on the sky walk everyday, they do follow us by passing lewd remarks &amp; whistling on us. This continues to some extent &amp; then they get down of the skywalk in between. This experience makes us feel very uncomfortable &amp; threatening at the same time. We friends have now stop accessing the skywalk! Being harassed with repeated indecent and insulting messages. A guy followed me for many days and then I told my mother about that. she told my father who is a policeman and just because of my father, the guy never followed me cos my dad banned him. My cousin brother is harassing when he comes at home. He tries to pull me towards him and once also tried to kiss me. He is also married. I told about him to my parents and even sisters. My parents took it casually but sister told them to take a stand. But it is very tough to talk to him about it as he is a family member. A person in the train once tried to hold me. As there was a lot of crowd I couldn't help just change the place from where I was standing. I was wearing shorts and walking near the army area on a rainy day. The road was deserted and 3 guys on the bike stalked me and commented on me. They even tried to assault me. I was alone and helpless. Following and ogling is very common in Panvel. Once got followed and commented by the watchman. This happened in my residential area in Panvel. Few people were passing comments over a girl passing through a park Once I was going for my classes and there was a group of boys who just followed me which made me almost cry. Got stalked for a few days by 2 people. Catcalls and touching have happened with me and a friend of mine Commenting and stalking have happened too. I was on my way home and a guy just followed me and asked me to make friendship. I started running and he too started running behind me. Then he scanned my whole building searching for me. Catcalling and young boys following me near Marine Drive. A man of the guesthouse came in my bedroom twice and wanted to hug me and kiss me, fortunately I'm an european girl thus I was taller than him and stronger so I can put him out of my bedroom. It happened around 7 pm. I was returning from class when a person came to me and asked if I can be his friend. I had seen that person following me several times before. Cheap comments and stalking in the evening at Nerul. It was around 0930 pm when some boys had stopped their car and used cheap words and catcalls and tried to stop my friend on her way. Person stalking in a car.