 My school auto driver always use to stare at me or try to talk to me whenever I alone in auto. He also tries to touch me. I complained it to my mother but she didn't listen to my problems I have a boyfriend who likes touching me every time have been sent to the shop and tells me to go to his place , I don't like what he is doing ,have tried to stop him but he refuses There are boys who like disturbing me and touching my private parts If you were walking at home and a boy comes and catches your buttocks and breast is there any problem ? My sister and I was going to eat golgappa and a boy was commenting and intentionally bumping into my cousin. A Man was touching my hand when I was travelling in public auto. When I asked why are doing this he clearly refused and pretended to be innocent. A girl senior from me who lived in my apartment was harassed by group of boys. Everdag they form a group with their bike and harass her by whistling, touching and commenting. One day I saw a man was, snatching one lady's dupatta. And no one was helping her There is a  boy classmate who loves touching in their private parts and threatens them not to say anything to the teacher . this happened long ago but cannot forget it. The fellow was behind me when he kept touching my butt and around. month day time are approximate 19th December 2017.

Around 10.30 am in broad daylight at Andheri Station, Mumbai

I had just gotten out of a train and was heading to the staircase to get to the overhead footbridge. There was a lot of crowd, leading to a mini- stampede situation. I lost my sister's hand in this and got pushed ahead. For a few minutes no one moved as there were so many people and the crowd was just not able to move. I suddenly felt something on my chest, but thought its just in my head. But I kept feeling it, again and again, and then to my horror when I looked down, there was a hand on my left breast groping me again and again and again. I couldn't even move my head to turn and see who it was, or move my hand to get the hand off me. Because there were SO MANY PEOPLE STUCK TO ME. I froze. And after a few seconds the crowd suddenly started moving ahead and I got pushed again. By the time I could get some space to turn and look for who it was, I guess he was gone. I kept trying to look for him, but had no idea what he looked like, and he got away.

When my sister found me she said I had the most shocked expression and looked horrified. And she said she saw 2-3 women more in the same crowd, with the same expression, and that someone tried to grope her from behind too in that stampede. a girl is being harassed with boys they touch her on the private parts and if she refuses they beat her up and threaten her up some boys like pulling and touching a girl in a corridor when she has been sent to the shop There are some boys who like touching girls on the buttocks and breast there are some boys who normally wait for a girl when she is from school and want to touch her breast.They told  her if she refuses they will beat her Groping and touching Employee was invited to evening hotel room and was indicate that even if she was married the doctor wouldn't mind it. Doctor married too. A girl's hand was hold by a boy as she was walking along the road. Before a man raped her,he removed her clothes,tied her mouth,legs and touched her private parts. A man wanted to rape a girl and touched her forcefully as she ran away A girl was touched by a man who had sex with her on her private part and touched her breast kissing her. A girl was touched by a man on her breast,private parts and kissed her. A man touched a girl on her breasts and private parts for sex. A man touches a girl's waist besides the road. a girl is afraid because her neighbor whose name is James touched her on the private parts and threatened  to kill her if she tell anybody about it a three year old girl was touched on her private parts and the boy put his penis on the child and urinated on her mouth a three year old girl was touched on her private part by a 15 year old We were enjoying water games and there was a group of boys who were touching girls by any means every now and then. They were shouting,  passing comments. I went to washroom and while I was coming back to my family,  suddenly someone groped my breasts and I was terrified,  stunned. A middle aged man touched me when I was boarding n auto. And I was stunned there is a teacher who like touching girls on the private parts,caning there buttocks while touching their buttocks asking how many clothes does the girl has There is a boy who wanted to touch a girl on the privates but she refused and beaten the her there is a boy who  touched the girl on the breast but she is not interested A girl's hand was held by a businessman in the market as she was passing in the market stall that he want her to love him. A girl was touched on her breast by a school boy behind the water tank. A was touched by a boy on her way to home. A girl was touched by her sister's husband whom she stay with when her sister was not around. A girl touched by her brother on her breast in their house when the parents are not around. A man told a girl to touch him on his private part and she ran away. A boy called Benedict likes touching girls Boys from a neighboring school like touching girls from the buttocks There is a boy in the same class with  a girl and he always wants to touch her There was a boy who wanted to touch a girl on her private parts When students are from school there is a boy who like disturbing girls like he wan to touch there breast There is a boy who always disturb a girl  and always insists to touch her #NAME? #NAME? teachers are touching girls first before caning them on the buttocks Class seven boys like touching girls on the private parts There is a boy who usually want to touch a girl on the private parts and she is afraid telling her mother There is a girl who was touched on the breast with a boy A girl was touched on the private parts by a boy a girl went to visit her friend and were invited to take lunch together,then the father of her friend started touching her on her breast and she ended having sex after being given two hundred A girl is having a friend who used to be so proud of herself and did not respect her friends and boys liked touching her in front of her fellow but now she is pregnant A girl was touched on the breast by her brother A girl was kissed on the breast and lips by a boy a girl was going to the shop and met some boys  and they started touching her a man timed a young girl when her mother had left started touching the girl on her private parts but the girl came in and the man ran away Faith put on indecently and met some boys when she going to the shop and the boys started touching her on the breast a girl was passing and met some boys on her way home at night, they started touching her on the breast she was sent to the shop and met some boys when she was on her way back and started touching her till she was raped a girl was sent to the shop by her grandmother to buy milk and met some boys on the way and raped her, the case was reported to the police and the girl was helped I used to go to buy milk every evening around 7:00 and then I noticed a boy was stalking me . I ignored it the first day . second day he was trying to talk to me and touch me and then I tried to run away.But third day he came with his friend and they both caught me and touched me but then I screamed and bite one of them and then the ran away. a girl was raped when she was from the shop  at the corridor and started bleeding on the private parts a girl was passing on the road and met some boys and started touching her breast,she went and told her friends N was touched on the buttocks when she was from the bathroom with a boy was sitting near the bathroom and started crying a girl and a boy were dancing and the boy started touching girl on the private parts a girl was forced to have sex with three boys when they went for sport Eucabeth was going to the shop and met a man on the way and he started touching her then sh started screaming two girls were walking from school and met some boys at the corner then grabbed one girl and started touching her on the breast and buttocks some boys attacked a girl when the were at the shop a girl was touched on the breast with a boy who came from nowhere when they were playing some men were touching a  girl on her private parts on the road she was in short skirt and small top a male teacher told the students to go out when they were being taught n the staffroom an remained with one girl then he started touching heron the privates parts,she reported the teacher and was sent away from school Z was a pupil in a certain school and she used to put on short dresses and boys liked touching her on the private parts a girl was in relationship with a boy. One day she was told to go visit the boy in his place, then he started touching her on her private parts and was forced to leak boy's private parts a girl was touched on her private parts with some boys I was going to somewhere by m auto and a man sitting besides me touched my private part. I felt so bad and disrespected. One morning I was going to my college by an auto.  And the person sitting besides me was very weird because he was elbowing me continuously and smiling. the boy is in love with a girl in the same school but the refused to love him back,the boy felt sick four four day then she felt for boy and accepted.He later started touching the girl's face My friend was returning from school and suddenly one boy came on bike from back and pulled her dupatta. boys are catching girls on the breast boys are taking advantage of girls boys are touching girls on the buttocks boys like disturbing girls Some teachers are touching boys on the private parts A boy touched a girl's private part when she was sent to the shop class seven boys are touching girls on there buttocks class six boys like touching girls everywhere in there body Teachers are touching girls on private parts Teachers are in relationship and kissing and touching each other in front of pupils A boy is touching a girls' breast Boys are touching girls on the buttocks A man is trying to touch a girls private parts Boys are touching girls on the buttocks There is a man who has been trying to seduce me for a long time A young girl going to school was touched inappropriately  by a man standing by the road side A man that regularly hangs around this neighborhood hit me forcibly on the rear. I yelled at him and walked away. first violation was 2015 in my school when boy attack on me to touch my chest is strong than me soo i just go to the home and stay in silence i felt depression because my family close minded i dont say anything 
the 2 violence was in 2016 when i go out to market street in a crowd boy touching my ass i see him but i stay in silence cause im afraid from the society view that does not support the girl this 2 accident make me lose my own confidence 
3 time was in 2017 the same place groupe of boling boy touching my ass i felt a terrible feeling  so i encouraged and i gonna to screamed in public on the boy ho do this thing so is try like he dont now thing and just one boy in public supported me soo after this accident when i became age 19 i regret of the silence i wished if i went back to time and colled the police In the common compartment of a very crowded metro, an old man groped me. The main station area is unpleasant for women and it is not recommended to go there in the evening/night.
The quarter is full of male immigrants who stare at women, make dirty comments, whistle and even more. When passing through the Schillerstraße at about 9 p.m. I received dirty comments, whistles and one filthy pig even grabbed my ass.

My complaints concern the area from Bayerstraße in the North to Pettenkoferstraße in the south and from Paul-Heyse-Straße in the west to Sonnenstraße in the east. When I was waiting in ticket line, one man intentionally touched me from back. A middle aged man tried to touch my private part. A boy intentionally hit me on my chest and when I scolded him, he refused and started blaming me. Mr Roshan Kumar, Member of Technical Staff at Global Foundries has been a nightmare for working women. Groping in name of something else, sexual invites and horny expressions are a norm for him. It appears that if he does not talk about sex for few mins in front of his juniors, he will die. That man has abused his power by threatening too. People are scared that they might lose job. He randomly asks women for sexual favors and I am sick of it. I was too young to even realise that what was happening to was wrong. My elder cousin brother use to tell me that it's just a game and a part of playing house, and then he use to touch me the wrong way and grope me and assault me. It went on for months. Luckily, due to a family feud, my cousin left our house along with his family and I never had to see him again. It was only when I grew up that I realised that I was being molested for months by own cousin brother. I am from a well educated and a well to do family. Half my family is in defence and military. We live in the urban area in varanasi, and yet something like this happened to me and no one knows. I shudder to imagine what would have happened with me if my cousin had not moved out, because I know that, by the time I would have been able to understand the severity of it, things would have gone worse. During durga pooja, someone touched and groped my buttocks from behind. One of the friend touched me at my private parts. And he did it continuously gir three days and then I complained about it. Around one year ago, one of the close family member harassed me, touched me. Then I told my mother after which it stopped. A group of 4-5 boys often stalks me on my way to tuition. They sing vulgar songs, whistles and winks at me. They even pull my dupatta. Boys often catcalls like item, come &amp; sit on my bike.they ask us to call them. They stalk us everywhere. Whenever girls go out, one or other boy either comments, stalks, or catcalls or ask for number. And they enjoy doing that to girls. When I go for my tuition then a group of 4-5 boys stalks me, whistles at me. Sings vulgar songs, winks at me and many a times pull my duppata as well A middle aged man groped me and tried to touch my private parts. A guy touched my private part while crossing me on the street. Two young boys tried to grab my sister when she went here for running at around 7 pm. This was in 2011. Since there was no one there, one boy grabbed her from behind and the other from the front. But she managed to break free and then shouted and started running towards them. TOok one of them to the police station and kept slapping him till the police asked her to stop/ Isme and my friend was waiting for the rickshaw. Suddenly a guy came and pinched my friend at the back and just went smiling An old man touched me from my back which made me feel very bad. A guy just touched my chest while I was going back to hostel. She was getting down from the katraj bus. One old man purposely slap on her breast and pressed it and shouted on her. Due to my pain I couldn't control myself. She was going home by bus from pune corporation. At that time one guy who was seating her behind hold her with his hand and groped her. He leaved me when I was shouted on him. he was going through street. At the same time girls were walking through street. Some boys came with their bikes towards the girls. Some chitchat happened with them. After that girls were scared and ran away from the place. An old age man try to touch my private body part I was groped by a man when I was waiting for auto. A young girl was buying something from the market. The market was crowded and it was evening time.  Suddenly a man came and pinched her from behind and held her butt. Till the time she could react,  he was gone. Writing this on behalf of my wife..she is leaving in jaipur currently for her studies from Mahatma gandhi medical college in sitapura area in jaipur and stays in a hostel close the college B-312,sitapura residency colony near IIGJ institute and i work in bangalore in an IT COMPANY...so the incident came like after her dinner at around 8pm on 19th may, she and one of her friend in hostel went to buy  ice cream at a near by shop close to hostel(approx around 300metre) nd while coming back there was no light in middle and their comes these two guys on bike aged around 28-30..they slowed the speed of their bike nd touched my wife's friend from behind nd then tried to touch on front..nd then my wife shouted. These guys then ran off on their motorcycle, my wife nd her friend was shock aftr this...and today on insisting coz i could make out of her voice that something had happened, she told me the whole story.
And now today ie on 20th may again at same time around 8:30 pm my wife finished her dinner nd was going back to to her room when she saw the same two guys on street passing nd making noices on girls standing in balcony..my wife then hidden herself behind the pole in balcony nd saw them going nd noticed that these guys stay on the same road of their hostel at around 300metres in a house. This is ridiculous. And i wanna use these platform.. to let this go to concerned authorities nd strict action should be taken against these culprits. when i was travelling from Mahabaleshwar to Bhekavali. i sat to the front side next to the jeep. the jeep was very crowded and there was a girl between me and the driver. i observed that the driver tries to touching on the breast of the girl. one or years ago when i was travelling through bus one drunken man started to touch the girls in the bus. i also became one of the victims. i started crying and after knowing the reason of my tears they started beating him. I was in Bandra to meet my friends, took a rickshaw from the station. At the signal, the rickshaw driver stopped and turned around to talk to me. Then he pointed to my nose, and told me there was something on it. I got really confused, I touched my nose, couldn't feel anything out of the ordinary. I was doing that, and then suddenly he said &quot;No no, it's here&quot; and leaned in and proceeded to SQUEEZE my nose. Literally pinched my nostrils. I was so not expecting that. Was just sitting stunned for a second. Like what just happened? Then the traffic lights turned green and he started driving again. I noticed he kept looking at me from the mirror. Got so scared. I tried just breathing from my mouth for the remainder of the journey. I was quite shocked. I texted my friend his number plate and everything, in case he was trying to drug and kidnap me or something. Then finally, when I reached the destination and was paying and getting off, he says &quot;Oh did you find what it was on your nose then?&quot; I said No... Then he almost reached out to touch my nose again. And I just backed away and gave him a glare, so he stopped. Then he said &quot;It must have been a nose hair, don't you remove them?&quot; and I was still confused, because it all felt so absurd. He drove off then. I don't know what he was up to. There was definitely no nose hair, not that he could see a tiny hair from such a far distance. And it could just be me, but I think I saw him reach into something kept below before he turned around and proceeded to pinch my nose. I was just so shaken and scared the whole time. Thought I might actually not make it home. number plate. Number plate MH 02 EW 1141 On the way to Bhekavali from Mahabaleshwar a car driver took an advantage of the crowd in car and used to touch the breast of a young girl again and again. I am writing the date nearest to the incident but not sure about exact date. Was touched and groped Was commented upon and touched and groped in this location Was touched and groped in this location Experienced Touching , groping Experienced Beating and groping An 18 year old girl said around 3 months ago, she was groped here. She also faced ogling and men taking her pictures. She didn't take any action. A 20 year old woman was touched and groped here. A female student, approximately 2 months back experienced inappropriate touching Incident has changed pattern of accessing the location Incident has changed pattern of access to the location She was assaulted by the delivery boy,who entered her house and groped her. Filed a police complaint. The person regularly faces catcalls hence feels the location isnt safe. But she was also groped and faced indecent exposure. Henceforth she avoids wearing certain type of clothing. The person was groped and catcalled. She always travels in groups after that incident. The person was indecently stared at, inappropriately touched, commented upon and stalked. The person was inappropriately touched, and stalked. It has changed her accessibility to the loacation. She uses an alternative lane. Incident has changed pattern of access to the place Incident has not changed pattern of access to the location Incident has not changed the pattern of accessing the location Staring, sexual invites कॉलेज जाते वकतपर कुछ लड़के  खड़े होकर हेरान करते है । Guy sat across from me on the train from Lausanne to Geneva. Was constantly touching his foot to mine and staring and smiling creepily. When I would move my foot he would move his back again to be touching mine. When I got up to leave he again smiled but super creepily and said hey you, bye, have a good day in way that made me feel extremely uncomfortable. Perfect way to ruin someones entire day! Thanks creep! me kakarya gai thi to vhan par ladke bhot khrab hote hai or mhilao ke stha coomenting karte hai yhan par bhot bhid hoti hai yahn par ladke mhilao ko dekh kar galt baat se baat karte hani Reported stalking, commenting, taking pictures, catcalling, whistling groping groping reported touching/groping and stalking Reported touching, groping, catcalls and indecent exposure reported touching and groping reported touching,groping and commenting reported touching and groping I was there for the Ganesh Chaturthi festival and some boys were staring at me which made me feel very uncomfortable. Later on they also tried to touch me. reported touching at a party reported lack of street lights and touching reported touching or groping reported assault by a delivery boy I was travelling in a local passenger and then I saw a man who was trying to touch a woman's personal parts sitting just by his side. touching/groping and stalking. 
ogling/facial expressions, commenting Got groped and inappropriately touched by an old man on the way from college Got groped and inappropriately touched by an old man on the way from college Groped by a man on the bus but he ran away before we could report him Almost got raped by a man who asked me for help This is the area that was described as yes for sexual harassment near Jai Hind College and Government Law College, near Churchgate Station. No specifics given. gomtipur pakodi ki ladi pe me pakodi kha rhi thi ek ladka mujko dhkka marke nikla or vhan se bhag gya . Sham ke samay yhna par daru pi kar mhilao ke sath chedti karte hae . A man sitting next to me was elbowing me continuously and I got so fed up that I left that auto. I was passing a street and there were no lights. Suddenly a man came and pressed my chest from behind and ran away laughing before I could understand anything I was passing the road, a bike rider slowed his bike and groped my breast. I complained to the police but he was freed after sometime. When I was in the water park,then someone touched my breast My computer teacher was touching me inappropriately. It happens very often. My computer teacher often touch my private parts The guy who teach us computer touches girl's chest in a very inappropriate manner and that seems very disturbing to us My computer professor touch my chest in an inappropriate way. My computer teacher touch me inappropriately This usually takes place when the day slow downs and there are no people around at station मे जब दरगाह जाती हूँ तो बहा पर लड़के खड़ेरहेते हें । और लड़िकयों को देख कर गलत इशारा करते हें । na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na Pedicab cyclist follows behind pedestrian and then blocks her way and grabs her, expecting her to just quietly give in. Taking advantage in crowd during rush hours na Catcalling commenting and touching na na na na na Inappropriate touches na LGBT'S harassing Male The man is drunk in this place near the place. Chef is not there for women to go from here The boys are stunned with the girls standing at Sarangpur bus stop. I was travelling with my family and we were in Gurgaon. A girl with a boy came on bike and the girl was wearing croptop and jeans. Two boys in a car came behind them and we all stopped on traffic signal and those boys were smoking cigarettes. When the boys saw the girl they put their burning cigarettes inside the jeans of the girl from back side and ran away and the girl was screaming of pain. I noticed the people standing over there saying that it was the fault of the girl as she was wearing short clothes and her body was uncovered. I mean this was seriously so shameful and ridiculous. Instead of showing sympathy towards that girl everyone standing there was blaming her and her dressing sense. Why don't you teach your sons to behave in respectful manner? One similar incindent happened with me when I was in 5th standard i was wearing short top and skirt and went to my neighbours house with my mom. There my aunt told my mom to not allow me to wear these kind of clothes as this will affect their daughters thinking. I mean are u guys serious one side you talk about modern India modern society and development and on the other side you are still carrying this orthodox thinking of yours that girls should be covered. I want to ask all the girls that don't u think babes these guys need to change their thinking and not us to change our dressing style The boys are following. Touches. Here girls are surprised. Let us comment. kakariya Today the boys were behaving badly with the girls, there is a need for a lot of security here. mandir ke samne bhot se ladke khde rhete hae or picha karte hae Bus stations shy away. Do the comments. chepirog  rod  hospital Some women disembarked from an auto and I got in. After boarding the driver drove about 20m before turning around and grabbing my upper legs. I swore at him and got down. WALKING DOWN AN ESCALATOR AND GOT GROPED BY A MAN STANDING BEHIND ME yhan par kuch ladke khde hokar ladkiyo ko commen karte hei, staking karna was touched in a crowded crossing ladko ka grop khade rahete hai aur activa se jane wali ladkiyu ka picha karte hai 10 baje raat me us rasse se humko sef nahi hota hai random man came up and grinded against me.
I obviously thought that that was accidental because of the rush.
But it became weird when the grinding turned pelvic.
I shouted (out of anger) and went to hit him, but he slithered his way out. In 2015 there used to be a transgender who was working in mmcc boy's hostel.  There were group of notorious students who would ask him to go to their room and then ask him to get naked and would demand to entertain them. It was at the peak where he left the work when he was asked by those boys to give them a blowjob. One of his group member were handicap. Some of his other friends teases him. They called him &quot;Chakka&quot;. They purposely teasing him and disturbing his study. They abuse him sexually. Sometimes they beat him.  Because of this, his friend get frustrated and leave the pune. na I was sexually assaulted and felt very uneasy knowing very well that i was in a safe place of prayer . na During the night the girl had entered the house and raped the girl I was on a scooty (alone) when two boys on a motorbike groped me. They started laughing when I screamed and drove as fast as they could. I was in shock that this could happen in Aligarh and could not note down the bike number. At Government School 18, a man had entered a toilets with a girl, there was a need of safety. My girlfriend went out at night to buy bread and indomie.she came back looking so sad.when i inquired she told me some guys harassed her. I went to caution the guys but i was threatened. Kindly help us put a stop to this.its too frequent in this area. My niece was sexually assaulted when sent in an errand. Her cloths were torn by the harasser who rough handled her when she was trying to escape. Commenting about her hip and figure, that he would sleep with her. On my street, i get harassed daily by the guys. They comment about my boobs and buttocks,and say the will have sex with me one day.they touch indecently but i always run from them. They do this because there is no street light. On my way from work every evening, i see guys smoking indian hemp, touching and having sex in the dark by the road side at the bus stop. But i mind my own business.On a faithful day, i came across a girl being violated, on wanting to help her, i was badly beaten and my purse and phone stolen. Kindly help us map this area, so people will be aware and avoid being raped and harassed. Everyday in Makinde street, sexual harassment, sexual invites, commenting, catcalls, occur. Little children also are victims. I have heard of rape issues at this spot. One of the reasons is lack of street light. So the harassers hide in the dark to commit this evil. I was getting a massage at the hotel and the masseuse inserted his fingers into my vagina without my consent. Cyber Stalking. 
Got my number through Vodafone I guess. The person travelling with me in the share auto tried to touch me. Touching - Local trains and on station platform. I was leaving for Banglore , running late, before I could get down from the cab, the driver tried touching my thighs. 

It took place near VT Station. Since I was in such a hurry I couldn't revert. Sticking and touching in bus when there is crowd.
Whistling when I walk home. Touching and groping Touching and groping In bus, a guy tried to touch me and  in some area around, a group of boys were singing cheap songs. Someone was following me and then tried to walk by my side and touch me. Also tried to rob me. (Chain snatching) He was trying to touch my butt and staring at me continuously Touching Some guy blocked my friends and grabbed her bag. A man tried to touch me when I was walking on the road. Trains : Boys pass cheap comments. Staring at people while passing from Kings Cirlce Station to
Throwing stones/Acid and passing comments to Mahim Station. Singing songs
Vulgar comments
Whistling 
Pressing bodies in public transport
and Touching. I've heard that the girls are facing problems like snatching and staring at the Bandra East Station. When I was walking on Kalyan Station, a guy there tried to touch my stomach. While having snacks in the marketplace, a boy touched my waistline indecently. While travelling in the metro, a man took full advantage and groped and touched my private parts. Singing out loud cheap songs, a man was found giving sexual invites to us at mid- night. I was cycling early morning when a man came from behind and touched me inappropriately. I was waiting for my friend at the bus stand. A guy tried to touch my private parts and this happened for three to four times. It happened again the next day. Inappropriate touching A scooter driver groped my back and made some indecent invites. Same thing happened with my friend. My friend was inappropriately touched by a man. It is usual to be harassed or stared at by someone or teased by someone. A man around #0, tried to get hold of my back in Roadway bus while I was travelling back to my hometown. i was sexually assaulted after a night of drinks with friends by acquaintance . he tried to forcefully get my clothing off . A girl was sexually abused and groped in public during holi. Inappropriate touches in public transport like metro Indecently touched in public transport My neighbor abused me as a child for over three months. I was so scared that I just couldn't tell this to anybody. My friend was harassed three times in JNU. A boy of age around 10 -12 years touche my breast while I was walking on the pavement. I shouted at him but he escaped. a guy followed my friend and tried to hold her hand in a huge crowd at rajiv chowk metro a person tried to grope me and due to crowd I was unable to identify. it is an ususal thing to watch people gazing you on roads or anywhere and scrutinising your sexual organ I was standing in a queue of a ride,a boy standing behind me was taking advantage of pushing force and trying to grope me one male groped my back when I was traveling in general compartment with my friend. she got molested in the gym by his trainer. I went to EDM night of SRCC there some boys tried to touch me intentionaly I went out with my friends towards rajiv chowk by metro. Some boys initially followed us till our destination and afterwards while we were in the park ,one boy from the same group came to me and hold my hand forcefully a guy was commenting on me when Iw asgoing to my home one of my friend was taking tutions and her tutor started touching her in inappropriate ways It happened to one of my friend ,her tution teacher harrased her for a long time few boys followed me till ghanta ghar chauraha ( clock tower) when I was coming back from my college few boys passed some weird comments an old man stopped his car and asked me for a lift and said come I will drop you a group of boys commented on me while I was walking on road one of my friend was molested during new year eve folllowing, inappropriate touching a friend of ours was grabbed and felt up in her sleep at a recent house party unfortunately we never could ascertain who did it groped while waiting in the line of metro
groped while in the DTC bus
catcalls and whistling A man around age 0f 50 years by touching me inappropriately in the wave pool fun and food village gurgaon a guy (25-30yrs) grabbed my back in the general compartment in metro while I was getting out Touching in share auto
Touching at Bandra Bus Station and in local trains. I was on my way to work. While crossing the road, a biker collided with me. I was thrown off the road. There was a group who had come to help me(I thought it was help) but then they started touching and groping me at all odd places. I tried to push myself through the crowd and someone had conveniently taken off with my phone. I managed to pull myself out of the crowd but by then I was emotionally hurt more than physically. Sexual harrasmemt at dadar market I was enjoying an ice cream with my family and we were having a good time,I suddenly felt someone grab my hips, at first I felt it happened accidentally but later on had to go through the torture twice,I was scared to death and felt helpless,The scoundrel was tall,Had long hair, had a dark complexion,seemed to be like a drug addict,I can recognise his face which still haunts me..... A GIRL WAS BEING STALKED AND GROPED BY A BUNCH OF GUYS. SHE WENT RUNNING LOOKING FOR HELP, AND ASKED A MID AGED LADY FOR HELP. SEEING THIS, THE BOYS FLED. THE LADY THEN DROPPED THE GIRL HOME SAFELY. 
HAPPENED AROUND 2 AND A HALF YEARS AGO.EXACT DATE NOT SPECIFIED. Just got groped by a tourist Gropping This report is regarding the survey conducted on sexual harassment in different forms in a particular area the report was taken at the dadar street market. the interviewee don't feel safe due to the instances of pushing at this market the report was taken on the dadar market. the exact location was between bigg sale-society stores. the interview don't feel safe due to the rush. the report was taken on dadar street market. the exact location was between bigg sale- society stores. the interviewee don't feel safe at this place due to  rush the report was taken on dadar street market. location was in front of bigg sale, one of the shop at dadar street market.  interviewee don't feel safe due to the instances of stalking and touching report was taken on dadar street market. exact location was between bigg sale- maitreen. the interviewee don't feel safe on this place due to instances of staring and touching TOUCHING AND GROPING IN THE MARKET AREA WHEN IT GOT CROWDED. THIS SURVEY IS CARRIED BY SAFECITY (RED DOT FOUNDATION) ALONG WITH ITS SAFETY AUDIT AT STREET MARKETS IN MUMBAI. THIS SURVEY IS CARRIED BY SAFECITY (RED DOT FOUNDATION) ALONG WITH ITS SAFETY AUDIT AT STREET MARKETS IN MUMBAI. THIS SURVEY IS CARRIED BY SAFECITY (RED DOT FOUNDATION) ALONG WITH ITS SAFETY AUDIT AT STREET MARKETS IN MUMBAI. THIS SURVEY IS CARRIED BY SAFECITY (RED DOT FOUNDATION) ALONG WITH ITS SAFETY AUDIT AT STREET MARKETS IN MUMBAI. THIS SURVEY IS CARRIED BY SAFECITY (RED DOT FOUNDATION) ALONG WITH ITS SAFETY AUDIT AT STREET MARKETS IN MUMBAI. I was travelling in Nepal Yatayat by standing and one middle aged man was trying to touch my back with his private parts I couldn't react at that time but from that incident I always feel scared to travel anywhere from public transport. I was going to Newroad by sitting opposite side of seat.Whenever the driver took break conductor of that micro intentionally touched my breast and was pretending its happening because of break. My hostel warden is a gay.One day I was  drunk a bit and he thought that I was unconscious and was touching my private parts .Forcefully I push him and got out from there. When I was going to Baluwatar from Balkumari in a Nepal Yatayat.The bus was so packed .I saw there a lady who entered in a bus from Anamnagar.The man around 40-45 age he tocuhed that lady again and again and the lady felt so uncomfortable at that time Everybody started looking at that man and he felt bad and got off from the bus. Somebody was pulling my hand while I was walking in the street. I was dragged by a stranger holding very hard and was forcing me to dance along with them in the office anniversary party. I took a bus Nepal Yatayat from New Baneshwor to Teaching hospital.The bus was almost empty only few people were sitting inside.I went and sit in a second last seat there were one man already he let me seat in a window side.After some time that guy hold my hand and forcibly grad it into his penis and masturbated it from my hand,It was so scary...I couldn't do anything...Then I shouted to the conductor to stop the bus and I got off the bus in Putalisadak. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safecity audit at street market in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This survey is carried out by safecity (Red dot foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. This is survey carried out by safecity (Red Dot Foundation) along with its safety audit at street markets in Mumbai. A girl was harassed and not supported by family.
At the school campus. I was walking last night and two men cornered me and touched my leg At 6.30 am, I was walking towards Bandra Station. It was completely dark and there seemed to be no one on the road. Suddenly someone caught me from the back and touched me near the crotch. When I turned I saw it was a man and screamed out of fright and shouted abuses at him. He ran off in the opposite direction. By the time a few people came from the station towards me, he had already gone. I have crossed 60 years of age and it was an extremely frightening and traumatic experience for me. A group of boys sit and tease and stare at girls. EVEN catcall and comment and touch all. It happens everyday with lots of girls. i've been touched at thane station I was travelling from the bus after college, I got a seat and sat on it. The bus was crowed after sometime and a man entered and was constantly shaking and his crotch was touching my arms. When I'm mostly travelling in buses, trains et. It's happened to me. Was going to my home when someone on bike tried to touch my back. some inappropriately touched my behind. The streetlights are not effective, it was very dark. Sometimes people touch me abruptly and pass comments. I was getting out of the station when this guy pushed his body against me and was trying to touch me indecently. Groping whistles commenting masturbating in public at peddar road bus stop. Catcalling and eve teasing near the railway station. From jogeshwari to grant road station. This happens mostly everyday when travelling. Touched uncomfortably touched inappropriately at the station. I was walking my way to the station when a man surreptitiously came from behind and touched by butt and fled. While getting off from the train at the station, a man had taken the crowd as an advantage and touched me, although when I turned around I couldn't make out who it was. A worker in slum nearby this region,sexually assaulted a teenager taking advantage of her mentally ill state. touching Indecent exposure Stalking Touching/groping. Bus conductor commenting in a very vulgar manner. Unnecessarily touching I was sitting in bus and the person who was sitting beside me was touching my waist again and again and then i get to know his intentions and slapped him tightly twice on his neck and he went out of the moving bus. touching a man touched me in a wrong way Groping Commenting my rent holder used to touch me in a very weird way Eve Teasing A group of boys were commenting and trying to take pitures A boy tried to touch me in the bus Inappropriate commenting, catcalls and whistling in DTC buses. Catcalls in college fest. In the bus (764), near IIT. I was touched inappropriately. I was touched inappropriately. DTC bus; CP-Chandni Chowk. I have experienced indecent exposure,  touching and prodding. In DTC bus, 764, Nehru Place, New Delhi. People used to touch Private Parts. I was waiting for a bus for Bhiwandi. I noticed a man who was looking at me in a lewd manner and whenever i looked at him he looked away as if to indicate nothing his happening. So i was boarding my bus when he deliberately stood behind me allowed me to go ahead. I knew he wanted to touch me in someway or the other. And he did, but i did not fucking give up and held him by his collar and complained to the conductor who beat him up and dragged him away. It happened on the night of December 1st when I went along with my friends for dinner.After finishing our dinner,I left the restaurant along with one of my friend.As we are living in a town where girls don't roam around after 8pm.Though it was the main centre of town,very few shops where open and all I could do was find for an auto soon to reach our college hostel.While I was standing out of the restaurant on the road,suddenly a bike passed by me and one guy sitting on the back hit my butt.It all happened so fast that I couldn't react and by the time I came to my senses,he rode fast.There where few gang of boys in the front who were waiting for us to pass by them.They were laughing at this incident though they seem to look educated!!(I know education doesn't matter much,its just the upbringing).I have come to this town(Bhimavaram) last year for studying dentistry.There are so many educated people here and also many Richi rich's but that doesn't make the town better.It is the people who make it the BEST and the people here are dirty minded! It is a bit okay to understand that the so called &quot;mass&quot; people maintain that attitude(I don't mean they should) but the highly educated people doing such things doesn't make sense. In the bus in the bus Harrasment It was a very embarrssing situation. I was travelling by the metro at Kashmiri Gate, was going upstairs,,there a man came and touchedon my upper body,,and was not able recognisewho he wasas the place was too crowded. My friend was on her way to her home when she was noticed by some goons of the village. She was initially whistled at but then those goons surrounded her and one of them grabbed her hand. She managed to free herself and fled from the spot. 
Being from a rural background she is afraid and terrified by this incidence and is not filing a complaint to the police. This happened to a friend of mine who was waiting for the opening on forever 21 in saket. she felt something touched her body from behind. after 5 mins she turned back to see a middle aged man with his unzipped pants. A bike with 3 boys came and stopped in front of my friend and gropped her breasts and went away. Happened near an old pump house. a friend of mine was walking down a lane next to her house when a guy on a bike slapped her breast. since he was on a bike he rode away before she could do anything A man standing too close to me in a semi-crowded metro continued to touch me indecently till pushed away happened in the bus from hauz khas metro station i was harassed at home by a family member was touched in the metro my neighbor tried to touch me Happened when I was in school,in an auto that i used to take regularly. The auto driver used to harrasment. Told my parents one day and stopped travelling with him I was ogled at while in the main market of lajpat nagar I was being ogled at while travelling in the metro. groped inside the metro by a 40-45 year old man this incident happened near shiv mandir This boy was drunk and started misbehaving It was a horrible experience. I was going to my friends place for the first timr. I was in a cab at one end of a bridge and asked for directions. Two people came ahead right inside the cab peeping from the window asking for sexual invites and touching. A man comes and groped my butt and walked off. It was crowded at that time so i couldn't catch hold off him. It was the first day of college, I was at statin looking at the indicators and suddenly this man comes and touched me in a really bad way and made a really bad noise. Touched Inappropriately I board a train from Churchgate and there were people passing comments and stalking. I got off my train and as i was moving up the staircases i felt a touch on my rear by a man from behind. Not once, but twice. I was groped and catcalled at Kandivali railway station. ass was pinched Man whistled at me and then followed me Breast Groped Touching, sexual invites- scream and pushed him. Touching, ogling Man from passing train squeezed my breasts while train was slowing. Touching, staring, sexual invites, commenting Staring/ogling, touching, stalking, passing comments Touching, night travelling doesn't feel safe it happens in trains Happens in the crowded trains, mainly on bridges Touched, ogled etc Staring/ogling, Touching, indecent exposure There is not a single reason Groping, Staring Touching Touching, Ogling have beed touched Touching, Lot of Staring have been touched and stalked while coming back touched few months back while walking on the station b touched few months back Touched Have been touched while boarding the train Been touched &amp; harassed verbally Stalking, Staring, Touching, Invites. Physically harassed &amp; sexual invites. Making facial expressions &amp; staring continuously in an awkward way. Also face physical harassment. Harrased by a Eunuch. eveteasing Sometimes she feels unsafe because of the crowd. She does not feels safe during night journeys. She is a student and she is a regular traveller but she never felt safe. She faces assault almost everyday. She is a student and she does not feel safe even while traveling in the morning. She faces assault almost everyday but till now she has never taken any action or ever reported to any police official. She is a govt. official and there are times when she feels unsafe due to overcrowded area. She is 50 and from last so many years almost everyday she has been a victim of sexual assault while traveling. Unfortunately, she never couldn't take any action so far. She works as HR and during night journeys she feels unsafe. She is a working woman. Though she has faced assault but she feels safe at CST. She sometimes feels unsafe. He does not feel safe because of the over crowded stations and trains and there's a lot of touching and pushing. He does not feel safe because of the crowd and people generally touch you. She is working. Touching, groping and staring are things she faces almost on a regular basis. She has faced assault during rush hours. Most of the times she asks people to shift. Have been touched and groped while working on the platform Elbowing Touching Touching and groping Elbowing Staring and touching Pulled me &amp; hold me, kissing, groping Groping, Pulled dupatta Staring, Touching Staring, Touching Ogling, Groping Beggar Harassing, touching Ogling, Groping, Intimidation, pick pocketing Touching/Groping, Intimidation, Pick pocketing Poor street lighting, North east Report, Faced many harassment very frequently. Ogling, Groping Ogling, Groping Ogling, Groping, Sexual Invites Ogling, Groping Touching/Groping, Commenting, Ogling, Sexual Invites Commenting, Ogling, Touching, Sexual Invites Ogling, Sexual Invites, Commenting, Touching, Stalking Touching Touching Staring, Touching/Groping, Ogling Sexual Invites, Touching/Groping,Ogling Touching/Groping, Commenting, Ogling, Sexual Invites Ogling, Touching Stalking, Staring, Groping, Sexual Invites Groping, Ogling, Whistling Groping Staring &amp; groping I was being stared oddly &amp; other day was being touched by elbow. Being touched by a person; couldn't do much but stared back at him. Pinched my butt. People passing comments Touching, groping &amp; hitting Tried to touch my breasts. Molesters saw my friend on her vehicle near babari mandi and while they were about to leave, They tried to get hold of her pallu while she was on the bike. She scolded them but let them go,unfortunately. While walking at station someone to touch  me. Na While climbing the stairs a person touched my butt and felt my back. A person pinched my butt at the station as it was crowded. men walking at the station and on the sky walk touching and walking. also touching their elbows to my chest at Parla Station men walking at the station and on the sky walk touching and walking. also touching their elbows to my chest at Parla Station uncomfortable touch in Auto thrice by the same person. Once i was harassed and twice i avoided him. Kandivali (E) station going to Thakur village touching thrice in the metro station, same man and even walking the same way touching groping at railways Was going to do some work of mine. Some goon type people were sitting on their vehicles. As I passed by, started following me and passed comments and when I was finally isolated tried to grope me. But,i shouted, made noise to make them run away. I was waiting outside Lilavati hospital at around 11:30 pm on a weekday when a man on motorcycle slowed in front of me and groping my breast harshly, drove away before I could do anything. While waiting for a taxi outside Lilavati hospital at around 11 pm on a Friday evening, a man on motorcycle slowed in front of me and groped my breast harshly and drove away before I could push him down.
Similar incident was reappeared with a friend on another weekday around 11.30 pm in the same area by a motorcyclist.
So please map it and inform women n girls travelling in that area to be vigilant. A friend of mine,15 year old , then,suffered from molestation by an elder who was confining her in his house in the neighbourhood whenever she used to come Home alone from her school. Okay, so this incident happened last year i.e. 2015 when I'd finished my classes at Vashi and was heading towards the Vashi depot to take a bus to my place Kharghar, Navi Mumbai. So, I boarded a 504 numbered bus and took a ladies seat, window side! I was on a phone call, after a few minutes I realised that I was touched near my boobs from behind, for an instance, I thought it might just be the rod of the seat but later I realised it wasn't, it was somebody's hand trying to grab me up there. I caught hold of the man's hand right there, turned it, turned myself and abused him asking what he was upto, he was quite shocked, I am sure he wasn't expecting a girl to react that way, our men think we are scared of speaking out that way, but I did, I didn't fear. The bus conductor came to the site and pulled his shirt and put him down the bus. 
Well, this wasn't the only, later after 5 minutes, a man sat down beside me, he started touching my thigh, I bursted out on him even madly as it was just 5 minutes back that the first one had happened, I turned towards him, without giving a second thought, I literally slapped him, abused him again, I was angry, angry to what was happening with me, the people there in the bus hit him and even he was put down. 
So this happened, I didn't hesitate to do whatever I did,  it was necessary!
I thought, my misery ended, but there was another lecher who was staring at me for most of the time. I complained to the conductor and forced him out of the bus too. Intentional inappropriate touching This incident happened to a friend as well as to me. We were walking by the road and few masked men on bikes did this. We conducted a survey as part of our sociology assignment course offered in IIT. The women workers in the construction site said they were sexually assaulted. In the crowd of thousands in Tirupati temple my male friend was harassed in the queue. 4 year old girl playing in the temple with her friends and after some time she disappeared and after 2 hours she got  raped. During Holi celebration a male employee applied colour inside a female employees mouth and poured water over her within the office premises. she was not okay with it and reported the matter In a beer bar after it closed two girls who were there are hit by some men When she refused to go with them. A friend of mine, female , was sexual harassed at the workplace by a very old contractor. He kept giving her remarks about her looks which she reported with a time delay in POSH dept of the company. Once I was offered a free cab and then inappropriate non verbal contact was tried on me but I stopped it. I was travelling in the Delhi metro and a man was staring at a girl with the intention full of lust.
After a decent amount of time I couldn't take it and I stood in his point of view and gave him a casual look. Fortunately that sent the message. A transgender was asking for money when the auto stopped at the signal.When I refused him/her  ,he/she started touching my private parts . While travelling in the train that man tried to touch the girl while she was against it. A man thought I was a prostitute and was offering money for one night. Touching / groping. groped me in a crowded bus few bad people touched my private parts in Ranchi-Bhagalpur express at Andal railway station. Touched my private parts in a lift I was in metro and there was a guy who was trying to touch me in an inappropriate manner someone came on a scooty from behind the victim and touched her intentionally. the victim was minding her own way when the accused came in a scooty from behind and touched her intentionally . In afternoon at kamla nagar. Metro was crowded &amp; I was holding two bags. A man tried to touch my genitals. In metro station a man in the crowd tried to touch my body parts in general compartment. alot of guys pass comments while going through. Guys touch or try to press your butts touching various body parts. child abusement People are touching and groping at khot lane. Commenting at staring at you. Hooted and commented on. tailor was trying to get close, while taking measurements and fittings. Harrased by a guy on bike this happened in the morning time during a walk when the girl was touched inappropriately and the person ran away before the girl's reaction happened during the morning time a month ago. In a crowded train, there as a man who was trying to pull my skirt and touching my privates. In a bus, I had been touched inappropriately and that man got down immediately Being sexually harassed at night. near a metro station i was being followed and stared at a man probably from the slum snatched my chain There are lot of girls pg in sector 14, a guy in white scooty, might b activa in specs try to touch n comment girls.  4-5 times incident has happend. Touching/Groping in congested train (local) I was travelling in a local train. Just when I was about to leave the place, a middle aged man forcefully touched my private parts and slammed me badly. An unknown person touched one of my private part in my body Touching/groping in the crowded places,trains and buses.
Taking pictures Took pictures and was trying to touch.It randomly happens in the crowded trains and buses  and eve -teasing is another matter to look for. I was walking towards the Bandra Gymkhana on D'monte Park road on 15th August (independence day... for whom?) at around 10pm and was groped by a biker who rode by, grabbed my butt and then looked back to smirk at me as he rode past. I was walking on the road as the footpaths are uneven and I could not get his license plate as the lighting is very dim. This is a frequent event on this road and The ALM has already asked for better lighting but the BMC will not cooperate. Few months ago, touched in a public area when I was on my way to college. I looked behind but the person had already fled away. once travelling in rick beside a guy around 15-16 years was sitting next to me,during the course of travel he was trying to come close to me which was freaking me out i then has verbally respond to him. its very inconvenient travelling in crowded buses with guys try to get a catch at the assets of a women. immediate changes need to be made. we were out for a dinner at this restuarant and we were clicking pictures before we return back home and suddenly a drunk guy starts getting very noisay and tries grabbing my hand My Chain was snatched while I was in the rickshaw. While I was travelling in a train one person touched me in an inappropriate manner and I slapped him. people at local theater have no manners,i once went out with my frieds to watch a movie when a guy sitting next to me tried touching  my hand. A drunkard tried to grope this girl on the bridge. travelling in buses is difficult,especially during rush hours. Some govt.  School boys were  in group.. They touched me from back in park, it feels unsafe to go out from house alone. It feels unsafe to travel alone after an incident:'( It happened with my friend's brother when he was doing graduation. His immediate neighbor tried to sexually abuse him but he escaped as he informed his parents. A big major incident was prevented because of his alertness. A lot of auto drivers at the metro station often misbehave and talk rudely, or even abuse verbally. It feels very unsafe since I travel alone, and often due to work and college I get late. I WAS WALKING TO THE STATION AND SUDDENLY SOME GUY RUNS HIS HAND DOWN MY BACK. thane is a really busy station hence the staircase is always packed with people coming and going on one such day when i was getting down to catch a train. a random guy tried touching my hip. i objected immediately. while shopping at linking road once. i was trying to buy stuff from a crowded market,where a guy was trying to touch my hand on purpose. The service road leading to the junction is extremely dimly lit. Some anti-social elements are often seen loitering around this area! i was travelling in a crowded bus. when a guy standing very close to me tried making attempts to touch me inappropriately, and when i defended myself he moved forward. Touched my body parts Touching my body parts It feels unsafe to travel even nearby my society, after the incident of groping me in my back in public by a old guy. I wanted to scream, i wanted to cry:'( at Bhayandar station, my relative tried touching me inappropriately It was in Kali temple in Lucknow when a cop took advantage of the crowd and kept touching a girl less than 13 yrs old inappropriately. Due to the crowd she didn't realise it immediately but soon realised he was continuously pressing her breasts. I was traveling from dilshad garden to m.v.-3.a guy beside my seat grabed my thigh. It was really horrifying.i cried at that moment :'( i was with my family and was near an amusement park. I was in class 9th and didn't know much about sexual harassment. one person just walked past me and touched me inappropriately. A female friend of mine was touched while returning from tuitions a person was constantly rubbing his elbow on my body while sitting beside me in the auto sexual harassment on bus from agra to udaipur one of my male friends is into modelling. when he went into the green room, someone touched him transgenders sexually harassing men in trains the harassment by transgenders in sleeper/general class in trains all over the county Since i was the only girl training at the Honda plant, everyone used to stare at me late night(around 11.30)a middle aged guy gave me a lift. During the ride, he pushed himself towards me and tried to hold me by my leg. Thankfully, i escaped.This was between Central Mall and Indore junction station in a dark ally under the bridge It happened to me in 9th class.My private tutor was teaching me maths. he asked to to watch some internet. he started touching my thigh and I felt so uncomfortable. I ran out of there and went home. I told my parents. They scolded him and told me to never share this incident. I was working as an intern in an organisation. The authority so concerned would touch me inappropriately. Even when I told him not to, he would still stare and pass obscene comments. Finally I gave up and tried to avoid him as much as possible. Elbowing in an inappropriate way. this happened when i was on a vacation with my family..and i was shopping..so a guy tried to touch me..i got scared. i was once out with my friends for a movie..so while in the theater a guy sitting next to me..was trying to touch my hand..it freaked me out i was waiting on the station when a guy behind me started getting closer and kept on brushing his hand on my waist or arms. first i tried to move away but as it continued i immediately gave him a look and told him straight away. A middle aged man sitting beside  me in the auto ws intentionally trying to touch me through his fake activities like throwing packets or trying to pull the plastics present on both the side of the auto for rains on a sunny day. I and Kamalakshi came outside of the college at around 1 or 2 pm. We were heading towards the ATM. Though the Atm near our college wasn't working so we were going to khandagiri.  We hadn't yet crossed the ghatikia petrol pump and suddenly Kamal slowed down became a bit unbalanced and got her scooty off the road. At that time a bolero crossed us and a person with shoulder length hair was sitting at the window stretching his hand in the air. Later on Kamal told me that when she was riding she saw in the mirror that the person took out sperms from his pubes and tried to wipe that off on me . That's why she got off the road. I was on my regular evening walk when there was this gang who started following me. They were passing inappropriate comments and started taking my pictures. tnagar is a busy street..it is even more busier during festive seasons..so during one such festive season..while shopping i felt someone trying to touch my stomach...when i resisted it..and looked at him..he left that place. I was walking towards the station around 8:30 am, this guy on his bike drove real close to me and touched my hand and his expressions were also so cheap i had experience while in bus boys  touching the body very disgusting. I was touched by someone inappropriately at Zanskar Sani Nasjal I felt someone touching me when I was attending tuition classes I have travelled by metro literally all my life. It was just another day. After I got in the metro , a group of boys also boarded and they stood right behind me. I could hear them making comments and vulgar signs with fingers while looking at me which made me really uncomfortable. I raised by voice against but only to be manhandled by one of them. Luckily there was another guy who helped me and brushed them off but thats enough. while travelling in a bus,i had to stand due to nonavailability of seats.
the bus was crowded and hence everybody was standing very close,at that time a guy tried touching me inappropriately. a while ago,i was travelling from kalyan station to the mall via a riksha,a man around 40's was sitting next to me.
through the coerce of travel he was trying to touch me inappropriately. when i tried confronting him,he put on a fight and started abusing me. This event happened with me on a rainy day. I was walking on the road and it was around 7 pm in the evening, with one of my friend. Suddenly a man cam from behind and touched me at wrong places and ran immediately. Before i could react, he was gone far away. Now i fear walking on the same street and that incident has left me with no words. We should take a step to STOP THIS. i was traveling in auto after sone distance a guy joined in, there were two other ladies in the auto that guy took the seat beside me and started touching me inappropriately after the auto started i was at first scared then i realized who the hell is he who gave him the permission to touch me then i raised my voice and told him to behave and the other ladies also joined me, he was ashamed of his act and he left the auto their only this incident occurred when i went for grocery shopping.
a guy i guess in his mid 30's tried to touch me inappropriately while picking up items from a section of the market. my watchman tried kissing me and has tried doing it many times. He hides on the stairs and when i am there, he tries to touch in wrong places A teacher touched my private parts when I left the toilet n the eyes of many, the offices of Pakistan are filled with lecherous bosses. All too often, working women have tales of their perversions: the lesser ones include gaze and glance, the occasional grope, the unwanted text message, the innuendo; the bigger ones include invitations to meet outside the office, over lunch or dinner — with plum assignments, promotions, job security and professional reputations hanging in the balance.
Resignation is no guarantee of reprieve; there are reference letters to be obtained, future employment to be worried about. In an expensive, inflation-wracked and increasingly competitive Pakistani workplace, there are many women who continue to be targets for men with power.
The arithmetic of want and need is in display; divorced women, single mothers, the older and the unmarried are particularly vulnerable to harassment. In the words of one single mother who endured 10 years of harassment, the pursuit is constant, and any attempt to escape is punished further with denials of promotions and humiliation before colleagues. Co-workers, often witnesses, say nothing, eager to avoid a situation that could result in retaliation, a loss of their own positions. Sexual harassment from superiors is hence often coupled with isolation by colleagues who watch, witness and withdraw. The harassed are not only the persecuted but also the pariah.
There is a law against all this in Pakistan. The Protection Against Harassment of Women at the Workplace Act 2010, which will be six years old, is a thorough document. The code of conduct included in it defines harassment as “any unwelcome sexual advance, request for sexual favours or other verbal or written communication or physical conduct of a sexual nature, or sexually demeaning attitudes, causing interference with work performance or creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive work environment, or the attempt to punish the complainant for refusal to comply with such a request or is made a condition for employment”.
It goes on to add that “the above is unacceptable behaviour in the organisation and at the workplace, including in any interaction or situation that is linked to official work or official activity outside the office”.
The abuse of authority, creating a hostile work environment, and retaliation are the three categories that mandate action against a harasser. Detailed stipulations are set out for the establishment of investigative committees, ombudspersons, etc, who are charged with resolving the issues raised. A range of penalties from censure to outright dismissal are postulated. All employers are required to display the code of conduct prominently on their premises.
When the law was passed in 2010, it was feted as a success. It would take time for its provisions to change the culture of the workplace, the more circumspect said. Change comes slowly but a law is a first step; a legislative commitment supported by elected representatives’ signals that the path ahead will be a different one, in this case one where the harassment of women in the workplace would not be permitted.
Not much has happened since then. Harassment is still rampant in the workplace (the majority of workplaces have little idea as to what the code of conduct is, let alone of the requirement to display it visibly in employee areas).
Women still regularly report being verbally harassed and even physically assaulted by their superiors who, making calculations regarding their need for a job, their desire to get ahead, their inability to refuse, unabashedly continue with such acts. In the face of unwanted advances, Pakistan’s women continue to find themselves alone, unsure of where to take their complaints and how to protect themselves.
Even in the development sector, where the very agenda of many organisations is to empower women, similar problems persist. In one, a co-founder of an organisation faced so much harassment by a male colleague that she was ultimately forced out. New, more pliant women hired to take her position have since complained of similar problems. The man in question, however, remains untouched, undoubtedly displaying similarly harassing behaviour to new prey. Other men have come to his defence — perhaps recognising their own behaviour in those of others and eager to ensure that no one gets punished.
Misogyny is manufactured in two major flavours in Pakistan. The first is on the premises of religious obscurantists whose hankering for the reinstatement of a strictly segregated society sees the harassment-filled workplace as a grim substantiation of their warnings. Women should not be in the workplace at all, the male conscience is unable to police itself.
The second, one that wrongly labels itself as liberal and progressive, imagines it to mean a licence to harass and harangue. A woman’s willingness to put up and shut up is, in its mind, the product of this ‘progressivism’, its illogical mindset equating women in the public sphere with women sexually available to all men who may want them. The two flavours compete, their poisons infecting the working lives of women — doctors, lawyers, shopkeepers, bankers, teachers, professors and countless others — who are daily force-fed these bitter morsels of misogyny.
Laws alone cannot change society; the sexual harassment of women (and nearly everyone who reads this article either knows someone or is someone who has faced harassment) continues because it is considered permissible, something women ‘ask’ for when they leave their homes.
This belief is reflected all the time and everywhere in Pakistan, in soap operas that vilify working women as predators out to seduce innocent men, to workplace conversations in which men dissect the desirability of their female colleagues, their participation often a measure of a masculinity that fears competition from women. In the matter of sexual harassment in Pakistan’s workplaces, there are the guilty and the very guilty, they are far too many men complicit, quiet, eager to embrace or enforce their right to harass. Majority of individuals from the LGBT group over here works on signal, and the rest either do not tell anyone that they belong to this group or work as prostitutes. 

One of the very famous suburbs of the metropolitan has become home for many LGBTs. People, especially teenagers, boys, harass them frequently. 

People see such LGBTs on that signal either dancing in front of cars or as prostitutes. This is not something that has happened once or twice, but happens every day to this group. 

Students from different universities of Karachi started a campaign to end harassment, and as a result, some progress has been seen. It was during the fest of a college, during a concert that two people standing behind me, kept touching me inappropriately again and again. I was travelling in a bus on delhi merut highway (NH 58). I was siting somewhere middle in the bus row.
Position was the second column in 2 seater side. A girl age around 16 was siting next to the gap of walking.
--* *- Something similar to our positions.
A guy age 24-25 walk by the the passage and stood between us filling the passage gap.
He faced towards the girl having back portion towards me.
His lower part and the face level of the girl were approx the same level because hi was standing and the girl was siting. 
He pushed himself towards the girl using the bus movements many times.
The girl was siting with her face down and eyes closed. she was terrified.
I  left my seat so that i could give place to that person who was standing and can indirectly help the girl so i walked to a little distance and stood there. but even tough the seat was vacant the man did not took that seat. It was really shameful. I wish i could have done some more help to that girl. Two girls in the park were followed by a person who was irritating them by passing comments and touching them unnecessarily Stalking In my apartment, I stayed with my friends. In morning, there was a guy sitting next to my friend, I was shocked. The moment he started touching her, she screamed. Since then we were scared to sleep alone. The person escaped, and knew the structure of apartment as well My neighbour tried to molest me by coming to my place with an excuse when he knew no one was home. at the movies, this early thirties guy was trying to touch my hand A man groped me as he passed by me. I was groped by an unknown man while i was on the platform waiting for a train. I couldnt see him because it was rush. Inside the metro , before getting down at rajiv chowk metro station , a guy was touching me at my private places. After that I shifted from that place and got down at rajiv chowk metro station. That day trains were running late and platform was over crowded. As I moved upwards on the bridge to go on platform no. 1 a man started touching me. I warned him but 3-4 times he did the same. I shouted on him in public and he ran away. I was touched and groped while traveling in the Delhi metro train's general compartmet. touching touching touching touching touching Saw two boys on a bike of around 20 years of age eve teasing a girl who was walking down the road. Probably to the metro station. A man touched me in the street as he was passing across me a lot of eunichs thrive in this area and extort money from students and locals alike. if refused, they misbehave I was walking to the platform and a man groped me tightly from behind. at the train station while i was walking to catch a train, i was amidst a throng of people waling at a snail like pace. suddenly this man beside makes his way through and legit just brushed his hand on my breast. i was in complete awareness and grabbed his hand and pushed him away. outside the metro station there are auto rickshaw vallas standing at literally holding the people's hand to let them sit in their vehicle. a girl was touched at odd places when she was standing at a crowded place. i was on my way home after an event and was with a male friend so i decided to take the general compartment instead of the ladies (big mistake). there was so much crowd. It was ok till i had to get off. I felt at least three hands&quot;accidentally&quot; brush against my butt. one old man passing by a young girl tried again and again to touch a girl. a girl was teased when she was going home. at the metro station there was so much rush that the girl couldn't help when a boy was again and again touching her private parts. There was a family function in my home when my harasser wanted to intimidate with me. I was returning from my coaching when a stranger comming from bike touched me. i was standing in a queue when a person from behind poked me from behind smoking on the face purposely trying to come close and touch, talk crap One of the male daily traveller used to take advantage of crowded bridge and used to touch and press ladies Blind person asked a girl to show him d way towards platfrom no. 4 bt. When girl told him the way he tried to touch her in wrong manner. the places is filled with lechourous men who pass comments whisteling,catcalling and groping has become a frequent thing and no proper lighting is very unsafe for women Following and asking for kiss. It happened in the evening in the last 30 days. This incident took place with me and my friend around 6 months back with me and my friend in the evening. We were on our way to mother dairy where a guy started passing comments on us. Initially we ignored. After a few days, he held my friends hand and asked her to come with him. We both agitated. Then he got hold of my friend. We had learn self defense in our college and it helped us. When we went back home we shared this with our parents. touching byculla station crowd While we travel, we are harassed and because of this we cannot go anywhere.It happened in the night around  months back. My sister was coming back home from her tuition in the afternoon when a man hit her hard on her back. This happened in Okhla,zakir nagar around  months back. It happened in the night.On janmashtmi I went to the temple and there a man touched my chest. Its been a year. This happened to me in the last 30 days during the day. I took a shared auto rickshaw to reach the malviya nagar market and a man touched me inappropriately. Whenever I go to the toilet complex, I am harassed. This happened to my friend one afternoon. She was standing outside her home. A man was staring and coming towards her. He then came really close her and touched and groped her.Its been around 6 months. A boy touched me on my back in an inappropriate way.It happened in the night at friday market in dakshinpuri. my friend was harassed in sanjay camp at night.Its been more than 6 months. Near school, I was looked at in an inappropriate manner Two men near the auto stand blocked my way and started snatching my dupatta my neighbor would follow me whenever i went to the toilet complex. I kept ignoring him. Then one day he just entered the women's toilet and started forcing himself on me. I pushed him and ran back home but i could never tell my parents about it or they would send me back to the village Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Choglamsar (Leh) (evening)
Catcalls- at Choglamsar, Leh market and school in Leh (evening/day time)
Commenting- at school and Leh market (day time)
Touching- at school (day time)
Sexual invites- at Choglamsar (evening)
Others- asking for phone number (day time) Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Stalking- at Leh market when I was returning home from school (evening)
Catcalls- “chocho lay” (hey doll) (day time)
Commenting- “moti” (fat), “balu” (small) (day time/evening)
Touching- when I was at my brother’s wedding (night) Some people drunked tried to molest me. These people were of slum areas and mainly they were youth. There were 6 in number and one of them was shockingly a Teen as well.
Please stop this or unless Many of us would even think twice while going out of our homes. Twice I was groped by drunk men. They were from my own society and it was during night hours. I was schooling so didn't know how to react. Age: 16 years
Type of harassment:
Staring/Ogling- at my friend’s home (evening)
Touching- at friend’s home (evening) Age: 15 years
Touching- at tuition classes in 2015 Was stuck in the crowd of Thursday market when a low caste cheap touched me inappropriately 3 times. On both breasts and ass.was not able to find him first because of crowd...then found him and shouted.Nobody came to help and pretended they heard nothing..Sadly he ran away before I could slap him While deboarding the metro at Rajiv chowk, a young guy rubbed me off twice. Initially i ignored it thinking it is due to overcrowded metro. But when it kept repeating and i could feel the bad touch,i turned back and hit him hard also giving him a warning to never repeat it again. This is a very common incident at Rajiv chowk and many of my friends have also been prey to it. Was stuck in the crowd of Thursday market when a low caste cheap touched me inappropriately 3 times. On both breasts and ass.was not able to find him first because of crowd...then found him and shouted.Nobody came to help and pretended they heard nothing..Sadly he ran away before I could slap him A guy passed next to me and made sure to rob his elbow against my breast. I guess it's the most efficient way for guys to touch someone and the girl wonder &quot;did he really do that on purpose or am I imagining it?&quot; I am shocked why there have been no incident reported from the Pink City.Eve Teasing is so very common that it happen to girls almost every day.Well Let me share 1 such incident of my friend.We were studying in 1 of the prestigious girls college in Jaipur and were staying as a paying guest in C-scheme jaipur.Two of my friends went out to market to get something when suddenly 1 car came. I think they were 4-5 boys in the car.One of them tried to drag my friend in the car by groping in wrong place.Luckily the other friend saved her by shouting .It was so dreadful.She still cannt forget the incident..This is not just 1 case.. These kind of incidents keep happening there .. A 20-year-old man allegedly tried to abduct and molest a 12-year-old girl in Safdarjung Enclave while she was returning from school on Wednesday afternoon. I don't know if this happens with other girls or women but i face this everyday, the men walking towards me bump into me and basically try to have some kinda physical touch. And if you say anything to them they blame the place to be so crowded and that they never meant anything but obviously we girls come to know when something is done on purpose or happened by mistake. And we are in such a hurry that we can't stop every 5 steps to slap the man who tried to do that, and yes that's how frequently it happens. Every 5 steps you'll be crashed by some man walking towards you. at central secretariat one sees a lot of crowd boarding and boarding the metro. One of my friends was deboarding and felt that somebody was trying to touch her on her lower back. A man happened to pass by a girl walking through the area who deliberately touched her hand while passing close by her. A guy passed next to me and made sure to rob his elbow against my breast. I guess it's the most efficient way for guys to touch someone and the girl wonder &quot;did he really do that on purpose or am I imagining it?&quot; I am shocked why there have been no incident reported from the Pink City.Eve Teasing is so very common that it happen to girls almost every day.Well Let me share 1 such incident of my friend.We were studying in 1 of the prestigious girls college in Jaipur and were staying as a paying guest in C-scheme jaipur.Two of my friends went out to market to get something when suddenly 1 car came. I think they were 4-5 boys in the car.One of them tried to drag my friend in the car by groping in wrong place.Luckily the other friend saved her by shouting .It was so dreadful.She still cannt forget the incident..This is not just 1 case.. These kind of incidents keep happening there .. I don't know if this happens with other girls or women but i face this everyday, the men walking towards me bump into me and basically try to have some kinda physical touch. And if you say anything to them they blame the place to be so crowded and that they never meant anything but obviously we girls come to know when something is done on purpose or happened by mistake. And we are in such a hurry that we can't stop every 5 steps to slap the man who tried to do that, and yes that's how frequently it happens. Every 5 steps you'll be crashed by some man walking towards you. When walking here it gets dark at times in inner lanes, men keep commenting and will even find ways to touch you where they can A girl was grouped on her way to school A man misbehaving with a lady at Bus Stop A middle aged man was trying putting hands near girls private parts taking cover of bag I don't know if this happens with other girls or women but i face this everyday, the men walking towards me bump into me and basically try to have some kinda physical touch. And if you say anything to them they blame the place to be so crowded and that they never meant anything but obviously we girls come to know when something is done on purpose or happened by mistake. And we are in such a hurry that we can't stop every 5 steps to slap the man who tried to do that, and yes that's how frequently it happens. Every 5 steps you'll be crashed by some man walking towards you. A person commented 'Mai Amit, mujhe pehchana kya?'&amp; assaulted the girl. vo bandi vaha k flyover k niche se ja rahi thi evnging tym pe ...n tabhi phiche se kisi bande ne us pe attack kiya ..n vo zor se chilayi to luckily vaha street k kuch log ne sunna n vo ane lage ...but tab tak vo ja chuka tha vo bandi jis k sath hua ...vo evnging k tym pe waha k flyover k niche se aa rahi thi n ...tabhi kisi bande ne phiche se attack kiya ...n vo ladki chilayi bht zor se ....tab vaha luckily kuch street pe rahne wale log ane alge .... but tab tak dheka to vo bhag gaya While deboarding the metro at Rajiv chowk, a young guy rubbed me off twice. Initially i ignored it thinking it is due to overcrowded metro. But when it kept repeating and i could feel the bad touch,i turned back and hit him hard also giving him a warning to never repeat it again. This is a very common incident at Rajiv chowk and many of my friends have also been prey to it. I was taking a ticket from the counter when in line a boy tried to grope my butt. I was in the bus when a man standing tried to put his dick on my hand while i was sitting. while I went for a walk with my friends near my home a person came from his bike and tried to touch me at wrong places. A 20-year-old man allegedly tried to abduct and molest a 12-year-old girl in Safdarjung Enclave while she was returning from school on Wednesday afternoon. Was stuck in the crowd of Thursday market when a low caste cheap touched me inappropriately 3 times.  On both breasts and ass.was not able to find him first because of crowd...then found him and shouted.Nobody came to help and pretended they heard nothing..Sadly he ran away before I could slap him Some local touched inappropriately 3 times in crowd.Fled when I shouted.No one seemed bothered I was harassed in the lanes in my community- my clothes were also pulled at When the bus reached Anand Rao Circle, morning around 8.40 am in an attempt to wake me up (I was sleeping on last single upper seat), the driver grabbed my breast. I woke up with a shock and didn't realise what had happened, he then informed me we have reached the last stop. I collected my bags &amp; left the bus, still in a state of sleep &amp; shock. One boy grabbed my hand Near Mhada, one boy caught my hand i was in bake bihari temple, it was extremely crowded. i was touched inappropriately more than once. it started with commenting at the bus stop and then i was touched inappropriately on the bus I was walking with my friends and a guy just passed by touching me. Two guys going on a scooty and slapped/touched on the back and moved their vehicle at full speed. I was sexually harassed, a guy touched me at unwanted places Touched in a wrong way Once I was walking on the road (in this area) and a guy was trying to chase me or follow me. 2 men followed my boyfriend and me on the beach. They came on each side and the one on my side touched me a aman tried to touch me in appropriately one of friends boss called her in the cabin and commented that she was looking nice and tried to kiss her it happened when i was walking on the railway station abused by a family member at home abused by a family memeber sexually at home it was one my friend's friend who tried to touchme during a movie and when i tried to scream he shut my mouth a girl went to a house to play with her friends and there was this boy who was elder to all of them and was alone at home when the girls came. after playing whn she was leaving he pressed her breasts and said its ok with friends it happened to my friend by his gym trainer while he was working in a gym on of my friends was on her way to college in a taxi.after reaching the destination the driver touched in a wrong manner and started flirting and asked for mobile number friend was sexually harassed in the house by a male servant. a friend of mine was an only child who belonged to a good family. her parents worked away for hours and left her in the hands of a male servant. while they were away he would sexually harass her in their own home. i was tried to be sexually harassed while waitung on the platform for a friend a friend of mine was an only child who belonged to a good family. her parents worked away from home for long hours and left her in the care of a trusted male servant. while they were away he would sexually harass her in their own house. travelling in the bus and the conductor was a harasser i was in the bus and there was this man who purposely fell on me and touched me unppropriately as an excuse. i was in the bus and there was this man who purposely fell on me and touched me inappropriately as an excuse. it took place on the vasai railway station,platform while boarding a train Wrong touch given by stranger in a crowded street A boy groped me when he passed by me A man tried to touch the woman. A man pulled my skirt and ran away when I screamed. while travelling in the rickshaw, a man tried to grope my breasts Once, at Bandra station, a man kept trying to get close and once succeeded to touch my chest. there have been many incidents of being groped in public transport. there have been many incidents with me being groped at public transport. This happened near virat cinema. i was going back home. these men standing at a corner passed comments at me and touched me inappropriately. when i ran away, a few of them started following me. i pretended like an aunty walking nearby is my relative by calling her bhabhi. this scared of the men and they went away. i later told that aunty what was happening. I am 16. My 7 years old daughter goes to school in her school bus and because of the current Indian blockade and fuel crisis the school has been hiring a different vehicle from different place,my duaghter insisted she doesn't want to go to school in that new bus, I asked her why and she told me that she is touched on her private parts by the new bus conductor,then I went and complained this to Principal of the school.Its not safe to send our daughters in the school bus,its so frustrating.... I was walking with my sister when an old man tried to catch my hand. We got scared and walked with other people. I was in fun Park with some of my friends. There came a man and he caught my hand. I slapped him. I was suffering from common cold. I went to clinic. The way doctor uncle treated me was unusual. When I was travelling in crowd public bus. One man pushed me from back. I even asked him to stop it but he didn't. Later he touched my back and continued this. I stopped bus and walked. me and my friend was travelling in the public vehicle one man came to us and started flirting and even he tried to kiss my friend .i was scary one day i was walking from home to school. i got my shoes damaged and i went to cobbler to fix it but i dont find anyone in the shop so i went to next shop for this purpose but a man from   my back followed me and catch my hand and uses rough words an invited me for sexual activities it was a alley so i was too scared and i found a stone and hit him ran away from there and enter in one of the house there to make myself safe.now i avoid that way which recall me that incident. i feel that i was once sexually harassed. it was a incident of almost 4 month back i was walking on the alley some boys teased me and commented me with very bad and rough words and they even stalked me and stared touching here and there i was too scary moment which i never could forget finally i manages to escape out from that hell It was festive time and already dark. I was commented and teased by a gang of boys. One of them came to me hold my hand and asked if he can drop me home. I was going to my friend's house. There was some boys playing foot ball. The ball came near to me. There came a boy near to get a ball. He tried to hug me and I shouted at me. When I was travelling in the bus with my aunt. Two unknown person touched us unnecessarily. They knew that we were feeling uncomfortable but still they didn't give up doing this. my friends and me were travelling in the bus few boys near to talim kendra were harassing us in public vehicle by starring to us and trying to touch us I was touched inappropriately one day my friend was sent to the shop by her mom on her way he mate a drunkad man and the man wanted to touch his private part but he strugled and the man only touched the breasts it was at night some invaded in our house they thought that we were alone but luckily my dad was around they came in my room trying to touch me but I walke up and starte screaming and my dad came out and it was too late because they ran before my dad reached some men were drinking alcohol,a woman came with a man who begun to open her buttons and touching her breasts people were conjested in a matatu we could not sit on seats all of us some were standing and in the proces I saw a certain man touching a lady on he behinds I was walking with my friend then some men spanked her she was very furious and ashamed a school girl was being touched with two old boys I saw them in a coridor but I did nothing because the boys were big An old man was caught touching a young girls private parts I was from school at around 7:00 pm when we were walking across the terminus,a group of seven boys appeared and took us to a very thin coridor and started touching us that place had no street lights I was heading to bus stop to board a vehicle to school,Kenyatta University then suddenly a man from nowhere came and spanked me then he started laughing and walked away I was so mad at him. I was walking to the stage and a man grabbed my arm,I felt very uncomfortable I was walking in TOI market and one of the people selling clothes put his arm around my shoulder and I tried to remove it but I couldn’t we got into an argument and then he finnaly released me I was walking near the bank when a man tapped my buttocks and I asked him if he was normal Two men were forcing themselves on me and one of them thought that I was drunk and started touching me but I was'nt Aman touched my boobs intentionally as I was walking along Moi Avenue the place was croudy so he the advantage, I was so piced off but I din't react because he was a stranger I invited my a former classmate at our home to help me with my studies,we sat on the biggest chair together and we were studying well untill he started touching my thighs.I moved away but he came closer and I was forced to end the studies by his behaviour I saw a young man harrasing a school girl touching her body there is a conductor who likes to touch girls private parts while giving bck change A girl was going home from school,some boys started harrassing her,touching her body,she couldn’t react cause she was alone conductors like touching girls private parts while getting in and out of the bus we were on our way from schoool we mate some boys smocking and they grabbed my friend and started touching her breasts they told me to run and not look back I was sent to the shop at night to buy salt when I met aman who touched my butt we were sweeping the class room when boys started running into the class and touching our breasts I was  forced to hug this stranger on my way home a girl was touched on her breasts while going home two girls and two boys were touching each others private parts I saw a woman being touched on her breasts forcefully by a man I saw a boy forcing a girl to kiss him,he was also touching her her I saw two boys attacking two girls around a corner on their butts I saw a certain girl with two boys who were touching her breasts he touched my breasts during break time I was walking home from school and a man touched my butt I was coming back from work and using laini saba grounds route,a man appeared and came straight to me statrted touching my butt.on seeing people coming he ran off fearing for his life I was in a matatu going to town when the conductor asked for my money and I stretched to give it to him, he touched mhy breasts a man tried to touch my private parts but I escaped a stranger touched my butt she was walking going to the market when a boy following her slapped her butt and ran off leaving her embarassed when I  was passing by the road I saw a group of boys touching girls' butt.they even wanted to rape one of the girls that resisted them. I was on the road going to the market when I met a group of boys on the way they all started touching me she was called into the pastors  office after the service was over the pastor tried to touch her private parts.she informed the parents and the pastor was arrested. she was sent to a neighbour by the grandparents to ask for some little salt.the neighbour saw her and wanted to touch her,she ran a girl in my school is always touched on her breasts by her classmates but she never reports a man who pretended to be sending me to the shop to get him some medicine but his intentions were to touch my breasts. I was on my way to buy some stuff when suddenly a man pretending to be mad walked passed me and ran after this woman only to touch her butt we laughed but the lady felt bad that she took off. My parents went for a funeral they left me alone, some boys came in our house and started touching me I screamed I was walking when a certain man tapped on my buttocks and on questioning he started insulting me. I was sent to the shop by my mom and their was blackout no lights on the streets,two men started following me,they started touching my private parts I screemed and people came to my rescue There was a day I was passing in an area full of boys and one of them came and spanked my buttocks without my knowledge,when I complaine they started insulting me we do watch porn at &quot;veteran video room&quot; from 8 pm till 10 pm I confronted and fought off 3 young men who wanted to rape a young girl during the Nairobi International Trade Fair.they were forcefully touching her private parts a man was seen squeezing a girl in a corner while forcefully touching her a guy slapped a lady's back and it wasn’t in a good way,when the lady complained the guy slapped her  and started calling her names as I  was walking along the roadside, this man wanted to touch my burst but I stopped him before he did so.the next time I met him he made sure that he touched my butt.it was so annoying on her way back from work some men around darajani grabbed her and touched her breasts Where we stay, there is a bang smoker who smokes on the way to the toilet, whenever I pass he tells me to take one puff but I have never given in.  How am I going to be helped? A man helped me by giving a lift while it was raining.  Later before getting to kibera he started touching my thighs and private parts. we were in a hall watching a movie, all over a sudden I was seated next to a  man going watching ponographic movies in his phone and asking me to see what was happening in the movie. A man cheated a young girl with money and brought her to his house in pretence that he wanted to semd her to the shop.  He inserted his fingers into this chld's vagina They were two grown up men/ fathers who have families.  It was by the road side when I was waiting for my friends, both of them touched both my breasts at once.  I got confused and did not even understand how it all happened. I was walking then a man touched my buttocks and started laughing. I was in a vehicle going to town from Kariobangi, this man seated next to me started touching my breasts.  It felt indecent and there and then I alighted from the bus. I saw a girl being connered by a boy who was touching her private parts.  I trie to stop him but was slapped and told to get out of there. one day I was going to the shop and I saw some boys laughting looking at me and I wondered what they were laughing at.  Some boys approached me and started removing my clothes. I screemed loudly and I was rescued by passersby. A man took advantage of conjestion and started touching a lady.  She could not avoid it due to multitude. Her mother was sick and she had no money to buy medicine.  She decided to start washing clothes to get money. A man asked her to wash for him clothes while washing the man came and touched her buttocks. the teacher called her during break to the office when there was no any other teacher and started touching her, she ran away. I know someone but not his name.  He goes where women are buying and pretends to buy raising his hands over them and pushing his organon them.  He leaves themand goes to others.  He does that in Soweto biashara street pupils were coming from school,  a boy and a girl were walking together  when the boy just landed on the girls breasts and ran away A man touched a lady's breasts while crossing a drainage, the lady shouted and the men who were near y clicked and asked her &quot;why are you shouting? What don't you know?&quot;  the lady just continued with her journey but very embarrassed. I went to buy food stuff in a shop, a man just squeezed himself towards me saying he is rushing somewhere and would like to be served before me, when I asked him what's wrong, why are you pushing me?&quot;  he said &quot;we are used to ladies bodies&quot; I got annoyed, clicked and walked away without buying. A lady was called to bring cigarretes to a man who was in a private car.  She brought the cigarettes and when this man was giving her money, he clinged in the ladies hand talking to her in low tone.  The lady realized this man had hidden intensions, she removed her hands leaving the moneh.  the man dropped the money and drove away faster. I saw a girl being touched aimlessly by menwho smoke bang. there is a man who makes for us girl games in the our club, we go to play there but if you mess alittle he beats in the buttocks or starts to touch our breasts. there is a girl who was being touched aimlessly by boys in our school but she never reported to the teacher saw some man squeezing a young girl in a corner in the evening one day I alighted from a mini bus from Nyakach, a man passed me and touched my private part.  I was shocked and goose pimples filled my body.  I abused him as he went laughing.  He was one of the people who carry luggages for travellers and they get paid. I got to toi market through makina stage and on the way a man accidentally knocked me on the forehead using his elbow. He was sorry and I said its fine.  He followed me and held me by my waist still telling me he is sorry. I told him I was ok and iremoved his hands from my waist. he again held my waist and now he was holding tighter.  i struggled to pull off then i walked away quickly. was walking looking for a saloonist when some men who were seated at a pub behind the makina drive road at a path way started commenting and whistling, one of them held my hand and pulled me towards him asking me for my phone number and it I can go to his ouse.  i pulled of and sped off quickly. A man was rubbing himself against me when I turned to look at what was going on, the man pretended he was concentrating on the politicians speeches. I said nothing and when I turned again to listen to speeches he did this again.  I shouted to this man and embarrassed him ionfront of people who were gathered during Mashujaa day.  this man had also messed up his trouser. I was stopped by some people who claimed they are working with the satr time company to sell digital decorders.  They said they were on sale promotions and were ready to give me a a scratch card and took it to scratch on my behalf, then they said I had won 3 cell phones and a lap top and for me to get them i had to give them 5000/=.  i told them i did not have money.  they insisted that i should call someone to send to me in my phone account and i refused.  they were peaced off and begun commenting on how bad i was dressed touching my buttocks and saying he could change my wardrobe. I am staying with my brother in-law, am in coolege and the wife who is my sister stays at the rural home but he keeps on touching my body, I wonder what doe he mean and am a man just like him. we were having a party at our job on Friday, I was late to come home so when I alighted at makina stage, I took a motorbike to take me home. Instead of taking me home the motorbike driver took me to his friend where they intended to rape me, I screemed for help and in the process of struggling they tore my clothes and ran away. A man in our area was caught red handed by the neighbours while he was trying to touch a nursery school girl's private partds but claimed he was helping the girl to remove her pant to urinate. A girl was walking from the shop home. She met two patroling police officers, they approached her asking her where she got the sweater she had on.  She told them &quot;got it from my father who is a security officer&quot;  they insisted on arresting her because the sweater resembled that of police officers.  they walked her into the Lawcourt compound and started touching her breasts and buttocks My friend's boyfriend tried to kiss her when she refused she was accused of stealing I was going to buy  kerosene and a man stopped me covered my mouth and tried to touch breasts I was sent to the shop at night when I was about to reach home, a man caught my hand and then tried to kiss me on my lips I was from school when my brother's friend stopped me because I knew him I stopped.  Then he tried to kiss me some men were touching a drunkard lady aimllesly taking advantage of her condition I was passing by at a certain path at night and saw a man touching a woman's buttocks but the woman did not like it and started calling that man names I was at the tap when a boy came to pour water.  He found a 14 years old girl waiting  to fetch water and just grabbed her hands and dragged her away. When I was going home from school, two boys tried o rape me there is a woman whenever I pass near her from or to school she calls her love and tries to touch my private part. I saw an old man holding a class six pupil at 5.00pm. I sat next to a man in the bus and he put his hands on my thighs touching me. I felt bad and decided to change the seat I was at the shop waiting for the shopkeeper when a man came out of nowhere and touched my butt. I was so embarassed it was on Sunday when I was going to church and one boy came close to me and touched my buttocks then I shouted and he was ashamed so he ran away on my way from the shop going home, a man was following me and caught me then started touching my private parts. I tried to scream but he slapped me girls were playing and two boys came and touched one of the girl's buttocks and she screamed then the boys ran away I saw a man who was staring at a woman and making funny noises to her which made here uncomfortable when I was walking from school, I met a boy on the way and he started touching me but I ran away I was going to the shop and I saw my friend in a corner sorrounded by boys who were touching her. I wanted to go and stop them but I thought I would be in the same trouble so I ran our cooks were going to fetch water in school and they found a male student touching a female's private parts a class eight boy was touching a girl's private part a young man was trying to seduce two girls for sexual activity but it happened they were drunk and did not agree to the man's offer. He was touching their behind and the ladies abused him a drunk man was forcing himself on a lady by touching her on her breasts some boys I don’t know touched me and tried to drag me away but I fought back a young mam walking along red-rose school within olympic estate was forcingly touching another girl's waist but the girl kept pushing his hand off I went to toi market to shop and there was a businessman there who was forcing me to have sex with him but I shouted for help I was walking to work and after passing the railway line there was a man following me. When I stopped he also stopped. I thought he wanted to steal from me and so I decided to put my phone inside my bag and increased my walking pace I was in school and walking to class when a boy grabbed my hand and I had to stop and he told me I had an amazing body he would pay for it I had just alighted from the bus at Kibera D.O and as I was walking a man grabbed my hand and I removed my hand forcefully and just walked not looking back again I was spanked by a woman in koinange street while passing my ex boyfriend was forcing me to get back with him and he started touching my breasts I saw a school girl being touched by some girls and over heard them telling her to sleep with them I was on my way back home and a boy came near me and asked me to be his lover but I refused he then spanked me at the buttocks my mother sent me to go and call her friend . As I went I found the brother in the house and he asked me to sit and wait for her since she was not far. He then stood up went outside then came back and closed the door, sat next to me and started touching me as I was walking a man who was urinating at a near by bush got hold of me tightly I was sent to the shop to buy cigarettes wehen a man came and touched my breasts as I was at the shop. she went to fetch water on the stream and a man came and touched her buttocks she was sent to the shop to buy cigaretes and the shopkeeper tried to touch her but she went to another shop I was going to the shop and a man who was chewing khat got hold of my hand forcefully and tried to grab me fortunately a woman was there and warned him I was going t school when a man coming towards me tried to touch me and I screamed and ran away it was on a Thursday afternoon when a class 8 boy tried to touch a girl one day on my way to Gatwekera, I met two men on the road, they kicked me and fell me down then they started touching my breasts I was passing by the coridors of Gatwekera when a man from nowhere stood before me and touched my breasts syaing they are good for sucking, I felt so uncomfortable and embarassed I was in school when my teacher called me into his office in the office he started touching my breasts and forcing me to kiss him. a man took the advantage of a crowdypath and further touching against another lady teacher josphat touched another girl's private part a school girl was touched by a man and she resisted then ran away it was in the afternoon a girl of 6 years was pasing and she was called by boys who started touching her certain man likes touching girls around our area Fighting with girls so that they can touch them when she was going home some boys were harassing her by touching her breasts and the girl could not do anything. some boys like whistling at us on our way from schol I was sent to the shop when approaching the shop I saw a man touch a girls breast I was going to the shop when I met a boy whom I know and he started whistling at me and I ignored him, he came and grabbed my hand and forced me to go with him to his house. I refused and told him that I will oass by since he is a neighbour thinking he wil let go of me but he insisted and took me to his house. He wanted me to have sex with him but i refused and started screaming for help. It was on a Monday when my friend and I were walking home from school and we saw a group of boys eating khat. The boys stood up and came to my friend and started asking her questions, when she refused to answer them back they started abusing her and touched her breasts and buttocks during the teachers strike, students gathered at a friends place to watch a movie and it turned out to be a ponographic movie. I reported this to their parents we were in a matatu with two young girls from olympic to Makina. The girls were to alight at karanja stage but the tout convinced them to go with him to town to talk more as he was also touching them it was 8 ovlock when my mother sent me to the shop to buy sugar, on my way I saw this old man holding a school girl and touching her buttocks. I screemed and people came out to rescue that girl I was defiled by someone I know very well when he told me to go to his house and pick clothes from the chair he came and started touching my breast teling me that he will give me anything I want. I was walking from school when I met this boys sitting infront of a video den they started caling me. I went and they started tiuching me and teling me that I am beautiful and I need to watch a movie i was in public vehicle in baneshwor with my fren. and one guy try touching my  hand. i try avoiding him first but he was keep trying to touch me. i couldn't speak out. so i ignored and change my place. i felt very embarrassing near to gopi krishna hall at bhaktyapul, a group of local boys does several sexual harassment.that place is really unsafe to walk at evening and night time. they first follow us and try touching us, if possible they will even rape.we need more street lights and police security at that place. at the time of deepawali, a brother of mine whom i trusted tried to harass me by touching n locking me in the room and he was not letting me go. i felt very embarassed, shy n unsafe when i was walking on the road to go to school, one man followed me and came near to be and he touched me and than i ran from there and now i won't go from that road. in public vehicle one boy touched me in bus one man try to touch me. public vehicles are always nightmare my name is sita and this is on behalf of my fren. she was going to home and it was already dark few boys in the group tried to touch her and there was poor street lights she was very scared n have to run One boy was there.It was the incident at evening. That boy was touching the organ breast of a girl and that girl was feeling uncomfortable and slap that boy. When i was returning from school,some boys were commenting and trying to touch me. i am a boy.i usually get commenting , catcalls, facial expression and one day i was also followed by a man who looks wired which was very scary I was going to school.A group of boys were commenting on me.They were just trying collide with me but i ran away from them. I was walking with my male friend. I knew him since long time back. He touched me at my private parts. I told him not to do so but he didn't listen to me. So I came home on my own, leaving him. When my sister was going to her school,some boys call her and try to touch her. When I was going to new Baneshwor, I was touched unnecessary by stranger. when my sister was going to her friend's house. An adult man came and hit her on her back. while travelling in a public vehicle, a guy touched me in a private part. while i was travelling to bhaktapur  a group of boys touched me which was very uncomfortable for me We friends were talking to each other. There came a boy who commented us as sexy and even tried to touch us. One old lady scolded that boy and he threatened us telling us to wait and watch. Verbal sexual harassment, sexual invites,touching, etc. i was in public vehicle looking through the window a man then entered and sat beside me there were plenty of empty seats but  sat beside me and he was so lose that i could feel his breathing and hear it and he commented me that i am so beautiful. While my friend was walking from Dhumbarahi chowk to Dhumbarahi temple,a group of boys followed her and started to tease her.After sometime they try to touch her. when I was in class 8, one of my friends got harassed. on our last period one of our classmate touched her at private part intentionally. She got afraid and shared it with me. later we complaint our teacher. I have faced sexual harassment in public bus lots of time. I was recently teased and touched in private area by man. so I feel unsafe in public vehicle. i was on a crowded vehicle where a middle aged man leaned on my back. even after sometimes when the bus had space, he didnt move. one of my friend was asked to participate in poem competition. on the day of competition she went to participate where she was touched unnecessarily by the teacher. i was touched on my shoulder  by a man while i was travelling in a public bus from college to home I was commented by a stranger who even touched me unnecessarily. when I was going to temple with my sister in a public vehicle, a boy touched my hand unnecessarily. I told my sister but she ignored me. it was a crowded vehicle. one man was leaning his body over mine. it was making me uncomfortable. while i was travelling in a crwoded vehicle, one man was pulling me unnecessarily. a man touched me while i was travelling in the local bus when I was travelling i bus, it was too crowded,  an old man touched my hip time and again. i left the bus. it was in a public transport me and my friend was travelling to Newroad suddenly a girl started shouting at a man as she was touched in her chest by that man. as she said, at first she ignored but it was third time he have done so she couldn't keep silent and everyone in the bus started shouting at him and thrown him out of the bus during my college one of my englis teacher used to touch my hand, back and stare very badly .i dont know from where he got my number he stared calling me everyday.due to this i have to switch my phone off for several month I was travelling in vehicle where one adult tried to touch me unnecessarily. I was travelling in public vehicle. It was crowded. I was sitting on a seat and had kept my bag on my lap. I could feel something on my lap. when I removed my bag to check what was wrong, I saw an middle aged man's trying to touch my private part. I shouted at him and left the vehicle. While travelling by a bus, starnger touched my body unnecessarily. One of the friend tried to touch and invited to have sex. He used to harass while going to morning coaching class with him, even in school premises. its an incident of a sister i know.well it started when a boy started following her.first day, she didn't notice him but as days past, that boy become visible enough staring at her &amp; following till home.she didnt report it with anyone but one day while she was walking with one of her boy friend that guy also saw her and the same day he slapped her in the evening I was travelling in public vehicle, I was unnecessarily touched by an unknown person. I felt uncomfortable and called the nearby sitting person. She took me to another seat and I felt relief. A around 40 years old man touch my body while travelling in microbus. bus route:gausala to maharajgunj When I was at my maternal uncle's home, one of his friends tried to harass me by touching me unnecessarily and even by clicking my pictures. going in a sharing auto from station to r city mall ghatkopar mumbai boy sitting near me was taking my undue advantage. in a bus journey from malad to nm college boys standing near me touching my body n groping on me. at school teacher harass us by saying that they love us and touching us while teaching us. its very disturbing act in the institution like school. when i was at bus i feel unsafe  because strangers push at bus and they touch me. while i was standing at bus as well some guys want to touch me in my body parts whistle and touching in public bus it was daytime when i was on my way to kapan through bus. a man of age around 30 was next to me. bus was not crowded but that person intention was bad as he sat by my side and start touching me when i was traveling in bus i was alone and the boy who was sitting beside me he try to touch me. i feel insecure and i was scared too. this incident happened to a girl when she was walking on the road. some of the boys forming a group were bullying her and was trying to touch her. i observe some kind of harassment inside the movie hall. the girl was denying but the guy was forcefully touching her. when i was going out, i was travelling in bus and one person touched me in my shoulder when the girl was travelling on the public vehicle one unknown person touched her and said her to come with him but she denied going with him. later on he start doing blackmail saying if she won't go with him he will end up doing rape. and lastly she went with him this incident happened to my aunt. she was travelling in a bus. first, a harasser touched her shoulder. she didn't said anything. but after some time he touched her again and in the mean time bus conductor saw the harasser and got scolded.after conductor response my aunt also requested driver to take the bus to police station to file complain against that guy and later on that guy was shameful while i was on the bus going to my house returning from sundhara by shopping. on the way back one man tried to touch my body parts. i felt very uncomfortable and i shared it with my mom once, there was a girl relative who was her own uncle. at night, the girl's uncle was touching her, as girl was asleep and small to take action but the meantime her mother entered the room and saw those activity done by his in law. she didn't care about the society and filled complain against him and in this way she saved her daughter. once, there was a girl she was always followed by group of boys. once she was going to school, those guys followed her, she got scared and they even try to touch her so the following day she shared her story to her mother. mother made a complain at police station after that those guys were under custody and the gurl was safe. in Saturday morning, i was travelling with my mom to meet my brother in hostel. we caught a local public bus. there we saw a young boy touching a girl. that girl was feeling uncomfortable but that was not repeatedly touching her. girl seems to be in bad mood coz of that incident. and we couldn't do much There was a lot of crowd and a guy felt up my friend when my friend was travelling through a sharing auto, the guy sitting next to her in an unpleasant way. A art and craft group started sending nude pictures of girls and started in line of prostitution. Some white collar men were passing by who groped me by my chest and walked away. I was followed by a drunk man. I was groped by a man and also forced upon by a woman. Iam touched by my cousin brother, I feel so harassed but he lures me with different kind of things like he behaves me like he cares but touches in my sexual organ i was touched inappropriately touched by the watchman. She was eve teased by a boy while watching a film. While on a tain journey she was touched by a person sitting on the front seat. Her swimming teacher tried to assault her. She was touched at private parts by her dance partner. Eveteasing,whistles,commenting Her best friend was molested in the local train. I was on the skywalk and a man touched me inappropriately and walked away fast. i was walking alone on the road and a man came from behind, touched me, shouted an abusive word and ran away. A man touched me in a wrong way. Someone i know was riding the bicycle and suddenly a bike passed along, touching her inapprioprately &amp; sat on bike and drove off before she could do anything. In a bus a guy came &amp; sat beside me even though it was ladies seat.And spread his legs &amp; was purposely trying to touch me,showing it was accident. We were travelling to goa for school trip by train.There was a guy standing near the door showing off his private parts. In public transport, inappropriate touching &amp; grouping because of rush. I was in a micro bus as there was no seat I had to stand.the conductor touched my back unusually. It happened to on of my friend she was coming by train so in train some huy was misbehaving her which was in offensive way and inappropriate. Often at evening the nearby men and guys hangout in the shady area.. often cooment and stare While Climbing the train a man groped on unusal places. a person on the bus was touching a girl with out her permission. tuition teacher used to touch in the chest and used to talk about sex and show pornographic video at nepal yatayat.......bus there was so crorwed n one woman beside me standing thre at her back ane boy stnading n try to touch n that woman souted him n everry of that bus force him to leave the bus. one man touched me on my way to school a guy in the bus try to touch the private part of the girl i m a girl ....when i was going for tuition at mornig time one middle age man....try to touch me n slap him n ran awY N never use that way frm the next day one of my lil sis alsways harassred at school frm her teacher but one day she tell her mother n she complained to school n the school restigate him ONE DAY I SAW A GROUP OF BOYS ARE TRY TO TOUCH A GIRL ...........N GIRL IS SAYING NO...N I HELP HER N BOY WEAR RAN AWAY FRM THER one old age man touch my hip on the bus and middle age man comment on my dress and also try to touch me when i am on my way to home from school A blind person touched me on the bus and that made me feel unsecure teachers have bad intension to the students and touches us and sit in our benches touching in my breast my sister was touched by a man in the bus touching in the micro bus while going to home from college,one of the boy toched my shoulder and was trying come close. one month ago i seen that some people wear going to bus............i saw one guy try touch a young girl ....n i scoled that guy n he left the bus foran... a guy touch my friends leg when she was waiting for me. touching body travel while travelling most of the time , i hAVE felt an uncomfortable while trvelling through public vehicle . i was being touched. a man touch a girl on the bus while traveling in a crowed bus most of the time men try. to grind their intimate part over my body one of my cousin while travelling by bus nearby putalisadak. A man in the bus exposed his private organ to my cousin. my cousin shouted at the man on his behaviour that she would cut his organ into pieces and get the hell out of this bus. I HAD SEEEN A COULE OF UNMarried coming from the moive hall.they wear badly tortored by social networks. A 14 year girl was physically harrased by a boy touching her breast. while travelling through the bus group of men tried to touch us. we were three girl which makes us comfortable and unsecured while travelling A MAN WAS TRYING TO TOUCH THE BODY OF A GIRL.HE WAS TRYING TO TOUCH THE PHYSICAL ORGAN OF HIS BODY. i was travelling in a bus for picnic. i saw one girl is sitting infront of me and side of the girl one boy was sitting. the boy first of all was commenting on a girl and than he tried to touching her. the girl was very scared so she donot went her home but she fastly stopped the bus and she go An old man try to touch a young girl.......... i was in bus.one boy try to touch me n kiss me at cheek... when i was walking i saw a man who was unknown for me he was just looking at a girl who was sitting on the park he started to take pics of hr and try to communicate with her. It was Indrajatra so I was in Basantapur to watch traditional dance. A old man touched my arm and tried to touch my breast. I was not able to shout and notice him properly. When I was in bus a boy touched my thigh. My cousin came for a meal at my home. After having meal we were having some talks, he was touching my body unnecessarily and it was like inviting for sex. I was in the crowded bus one man touched my back inappropriately. When I was going to college, a boy in the bus stared at me continuously and tried to come close to me and touch me. When I was going to college in a crowed vehicle a man leaned on me and touched me inappropriately. I was in the bus just then a boy aged 28 or 30 approx tried to touch my shoulder. I felt so awkward that I drop off the bus, I was sitting next to door in Nepal yatayat. A man was standing in stair of bus door facing me. His body part touched my hand, it was so unpleasant that I asked him to stand still. I was in crowded area someone touched my private part. When I turned back I couldn't find who did it as the place was very crowded. When I traveling in the bus a guy touched me in an uncomfortable way. He did this twice and it happened again then I asked him to stop. My friend told me that one old man next to her in the bus who was staring for a quite long time to the girl opposite of them who was wearing shorts and he then touched her in the body in uncomfortable way. When I was traveling by bus we hear a girl screaming when everyone looked back she slapped the boy, she said that he was touching her thigh without her consent. Everyone stared at them and when the matter got serious they went to near by police in Chakrapath. I was traveling in the bus, I saw a girl being touched by a boy in her private parts. When I was returning back home in the bus I saw a girl being touched by a man for quite long time. The girl shouted back and everyone in the bus supported her. When I was traveling in the bus, I saw a man trying to touch a women again and again. When me and my sister were going home we saw a girl wearing a short skirt was teased by group of boys as well as we saw a boy trying to touch her hand, The girl fought back and slapped the boy. One of my friend was given a sexual invite as well as touched improperly by her relative. At first she didn't do anything but when the incident took place again she warned her relative for his doings. When I was traveling in the bus one man tried touch my body. I was so uncomfortable that I drop off from the bus. One woman was standing in the bus she was touched by a boy in uncomfortable manner. When she felt it for many times she slapped the boy. My friend sister was coming from her office, she said that there was very rough looking man sitting next to a woman was masturbating in the bus as bus didn't have light. At the same time the man touched the women she said don't touch me with fear in her voice. When I returning my home I saw a man touching a women and she seemed quite uncomfortable with it and wasn't able to speak. I was crowded area I saw a girl being touched by a guy in her sensitive part. I saw a guy was touching a girl in the bus. When I was going in the bus from Ratnapark to Jwalakhel I was touched by a guy in my thigh. I just moved to another sit. In bus one man tried to touch me I felt so uncomfortable. It felt like I am getting negative vibes from them. It was evening time I was returning to my home. A guy in the bus stared at me later when my side by seat got empty he moved to my sit then tried to touch my back. I was so alone in the bus that I couldn't do anything except ignoring. When I was coming college by bus an old man sitting opposite to me touched my hand. I asked him not to touch then the people in the as well scolded him. One day when I was traveling in the bus there were group of guy who were teasing a girl as well as one of them tried to touch her. Later they passed comments on me as well then we stopped the bus then we go on. I was on bus where an old man touched me and commented me that you are beautiful and asked where are you going dear? The was middle aged man in Nepal Yatayat who touched my hand as well as tried to touch my private parts. I was traveling by bus when a old man who sat next to me touched me in my sensible part. I scolded him and he drop off the bus. The bus was very pack. A man there came close to my sister and touched her. I was returning home in micro bus which was full. At that time one middle aged man touched me in my thigh. When we went shopping for sari there the shopkeeper touched my sister in an inappropriate way when he was helping her with sari. I was in the bus one man touched my back of quite a long time. I was so nervous that I was not able to do any thing. In our school one of our health teacher used to touch the students in inappropriate way. One of my girl mate was harassed by her friend who used to touch her body in inconvenient way. My school name is JP High school. There was one health teacher who used to rub our back and some time he used to take the hand up to waist line. At that time we didn't know that it was harassment. Even though we talked about it with our female teacher but they also did not do anything. When I was traveling in bus the man of mid age tried to touch me and stared for quite a long time. One man standing near me tried to to touch me pretending as if he was checking his pocket. I exchanged my seat with my friend then he went little bit far. I was in micro bus, as there was no seat I had to stand. The conductor of the micro bus touched my back and it was making me uncomfortable. once while travellingin bus ,as i was on the bus to visit my relatives .one person frm the bus try to talk with me n try to come close to me n try to touch me so i shouted at him n told him to got off from that bus. when my friend was travelling through the public bus to the college.she was harrashed by one boy in the bus.the boy was trying to touch her n she feels  uncomfortable n she used to safty pin n poked him.then he ran awyfrom her side. while goning home frm ktm to baglung i was in the bus ...thre was one 40-45 yr old guy next to me at our seat while turning point at road that guy try to touch me n my body parts ... he did two three times so i screeemed abt its n  other pax support me n every one force him to leave that bus. They attempt to touch girls breasts They attempt to touch girls breasts They attempt to touch girls breasts I was heading home and a stranger spanked me and passed as if he had not done anything wrong. I felt bad and couldn’t do anything I was standing when a neighbour spanked me. I was waiting for a bus on my way to college and a man came close to me and touched my breast and started saying your breast are beautiful I saw another man touching a woman on her buttocks my mother sent me at night and there were other boys who were greeting me and I refused to answer them and they started touching my breast there is this man who is known for disturbing girls. One day I was sent to the market by my mother around 1pm and I met this man on my way and he forced me to stand with him and I refused then he touched my breasts I was going to fetch water near our home and a white man came and pulled me while touching my breast but I managed to escape I was touched by a man who was drunk and he attempted to rape me but I managed to escape there was a man who was pretending to be drunk and started touching girl's private parts and he claims that he does not know what he is doing a matatu tout started touching the breast of a pregnant mother while she was boarding the matatu some boys like spanking girls and abusing them while passing on the way in our school during the day at lunch time a boy tried touching another girls private part on my way I met my ex boyfriend he forced me to get back with him but I refused. He removed my cloths and started touching my breasts while boarding a matatu a man touched my waist squeezing himself inside the matatu. I asked him why he was touching me and he said he was supporting himself and was supporting himself. He was not sorry about it I went to the shop at night and while standing buying my food stuff, a man touched my behind with his two hands and when I tiurned to ask him what he is doing he denied touching me and walked away quickly withought buying a thing from the shop My neighbour called me to repair for him his torn cloth. When I went to take it as I was leaving he caught my shoulders with his two hands in a suggestive manner and I felt scared and jumped and ran away A man standing beside me in the bus (Nepal Yatayat) tried to touch my hand. I felt uncomfortable about it. The conductor started to stare continuously and tried to touch my hand. When I was returning my home after finishing my class. I was in queue to get on the micro bus and there was a girl opposite to me just then a young man tried to touch her on the breast. I was in last seat a man sitting beside me tried touch me. At first I thought he did it mistakenly but the touching was happening repeatedly. I began to feel uncomfortable so I scolded him. The man felt ashamed and got out of the bus. He was touching body parts of the girls and was pushing her. The incident took place in the public bus. I shouted at him for what he was doing as it was necessary to speak. 2-3 men touched me inappropriately on the street A man sexually harassed me A man first commented on my passing and then touched me inappropriately A man touched me inappropriately but i moved away immediately. A friend was sexually molested and touched inappropriately A man brushed his hand by my waist as he passed and made it seem normal, but the way he touched me didnt feel normal A neighbour tried to kiss me and acted as though it was normal to do so A man groped me in public A man was tried to grope me in the train station I was sexually harassed at a public place A man tried to grab me in public there is a woman whenenver i pass near her from or to school she calls me her love and tries to touch my private part. Continuous staring and trying to come close and touch A man touched me inappropriately I was heading home and a stranger spanked me and passed as if he had not done anything wrong. I felt bad and couldn’t do anything I was standing when a neighbour spanked me. I was waiting for a bus on my way to college and a man came close to me and touched my breast and started saying your breast are beautiful there is this man who is known for disturbing girls. One day I was sent to the market by my mother around 1pm and I met this man on my way and he forced me to stand with him and I refused then he touched my breasts I was going to fetch water near our home and a white man came and pulled me while touching my breast but I managed to escape there was a man who was pretending to be drunk and started touching girl's private parts and he claims that he does not know what he is doing a boy tried touching another girls private part I went to the shop at night and while standing buying my food stuff, a man touched my behind with his two hands and when I tiurned to ask him what he is doing he denied touching me and walked away quickly withought buying a thing from the shop I was buying vegetables in the market when a man came in the crowd touched me in a wrong way and walked off. I WAS AT DADAR STATION. WHEN THE TRAIN ARRIVED I WAS IN FRONT OF A GENERAL COACH.SO BECAUSE OF THE RUSH I ENTERED INTO IT AND SO THERE WERE A LOT OF MAN AROUND. ONE OF THEM TOUCHED ME. OTHERS STARTED SHOUTING AT HIM. I WAS GOING TO GRANT ROAD BY A BUS. ON THE BUS STOP, I FELT AS IF SOME ONE WAS TOUCHING ME. I FELT SCARED AND LEFT THE BUS AS FAST AS I COULD. i was going to the mother dairy with my friend. she was being harassed by a guy for many days, he would pass comments at her. that day and the next 1-2 days we ignored him but after that he came and grabbed her hand. my friend and i shouted at him but he kept saying objectionable things to my friend. we both had learned self defense in college so we used it against him and it worked. we also shared this incident with our parents this happened to my friend on the day of moharram near the mosque. a man, much older, tried to touch her inappropriately. my sister was getting back from her tuition center when she was hit by a man on her back side. he ran away. she was teary when she told me about it i had gone to the temple with my sister on a festival. it was really crowded. a man touched my breasts inappropriately. he was much older. i was disgusted this incident happened to me. a guy touched my back side in the friday market i had just sat in an auto to go to malviya nagar when a man came out of nowhere and touched me inappropriately. i was shocked. this happened near the auto stand in dakshinpuri a guy tried grabbing the hand of my friend forcibly in dakshinpuri h-block i was walking from my home suddenly some groups of boys touched me on my personal area my own uncle harassed me when i was alone with him. Groped on dadar station walking on the railways station.the man brushed against me when there was a lot of space to walk. we were walking and this young man gropes me in the crowd and disappears. inappropriately touching a guy kept his hand on my waist and started saying pathetic things groped in the market a biker tried touching my breasts, I pushed him, he fell off the bike and hurt himself and started abusing me, I called the police a man forcing himself on me a guy rubbed my butt and ran away, it was so crowded, I could not get hold of him a man kept touching a girl's thigh pretending it is happening because of the crowd, I went up to him and told him to stop or I will call the police. The girl thanked me I was sexually abused by a man in the park, it still haunts me that I never reported it a biker tried groping me a man kept pushing himself on me on the metro the metro station is very scary in the evenings, the riksha men gang up, on one evening, a riksha puller tried getting physical with me I was going to the market when a guy tried coming really close to me, I then noticed that he was pressing his penis against my waist I had gone to the clinic for dental checkup, dentist touched my neck inappropriately, and started breathing heavily on me as if he was sexually excited friend was pulled into the bush in a dark park I was abused by my uncle in the park, he pretended that he is trying to remove something from my neck and then he kissed me there. I could not stop crying a man kept falling on me on the metro, his elbow even brushed my breasts and it all felt intentional a man on bike hit me on my butt and fled a guy pulled my scarf, he was on the bike riksha guy misbehaved with me, pulled my dupatta an uncle at a shop tried rubbing his privates on my body I was stopped by a man on the road, he tried touching my breasts a guy on the street pinched my butt and ran away I saw a man trying to rub his privates against a girl's back my friend tried kissing me forcibly in the park a guy on the bus kept his hand on my thigh, I froze first but after few seconds, I pushed him off the seat, people around helped me a man touched me inappropriately on the bus I was attacked by a guy who tried snatching my chain but people around came to help me I was slapped by a man on the road who said I am dressed in a vulgar manner my sister's phone and gold bangles were taken away by 2 men who said they'll rape her if she resists I was touched on my breasts by a man on the bus, he said it was by mistake, liar. guys from my school tried pulling my dupatta after my school hours I was spanked by a guy on the bike, it was dark my friend is being abused by her boyfriend, he even slapped her in the market and told her to dress conservatively a drunk man tried to touch my breasts out of nowhere when I was on the riksha I was going to the gym when I saw two men walking towards me, they were about to snatch my chain but I started screaming I was robbed at a dark street corner by 2 unknown men an uncle at a local shop touched my hand inappropriately my phone was snatched in the market, one man tried pushing me, when I fell, another man picked up my phone and they both ran away a man came running towards me and before I knew what was to happen, he grabbed my phone I was talking on and ran away my uncle owns a shop and my mom sends me there to buy stuff, he tries to touch me inappropriately. He should be ashamed of himself. 2 school boys pulled my hair outside my school and said they will do dirty things to me my boyfriend slapped me in a public space and tried to force himself on me. No one came to help me I was pushed on the bus by two school boys who kept misbehaving with me a man ran away with my purse when I was on the riksha at the red light one guy groped a girl and kept hugging her forcibly at the bus stand, the girl tried to push the guy away but she was struggling and two other men standing there did not even intervene a man was deliberately touching a female co-passenger on dtc bus 957 and the bus was overcrowded I was travelling on the metro when I saw a man trying to touch a woman inappropriately, she ignored him, before I could intervene, she got off at the next station I was going back home from office when a person came from behind and groped me badly I was at a shop when I a child of 14-15 years of age sitting with his mother, suddenly few garments fell off and landed on the child's lap, the shopkeeper tried to touch her private parts in order to pick up the shirts, it looked intentional while travelling in the bus, there was a person standing behind me and was fully on me. He was touching my body parts and when I pointed it out to him, he said the bus is crowded and thats why it happened, but I could feel it that it was not because of the rush this incident reminds me that I am strong. A beggar at the railway station touched and tried to grab me. I shouted at him and gave him a tight slap in front of everyone while coming to north campus in the metro, I was being stared at by this man who then brushed his elbow against my breast I was at the mela in mount mary when a man approached me from behind and touched me wrongly. He said he did this because it was crowded and it happened by mistake. He was lying I was travelling with my two daughters on the bus, there were not many people on the bus, a man came and stood next to my elder daughter and started rubbing her arm when I got up and pushed him I was outside the uttam nagar metro station looking for autos, an auto guy approached me and tried to touch me inappropriately, it was dark and not many people were around, I quickly walked away my friend was going to her tution when a guy on the bike spanked her butt and ran away I was on my way to churchgate when a man touched my breasts this happened to me on the overnight goa-pune bus. I was travelling alone and somewhere around 2 am, I noticed that the guy sitting next to me is pretending to be asleep and constantly falling on my shoulder, his touch was inappropriate. on my way back home, I saw a girl being pulled and pushed by a boy towards his car. When the girl retaliated, she was slapped and hit. After much of hitting and abusing, the girl was hit with blows and thrown on the road and I heard the boy shoutingn that &quot;now you know what happens when you refuse to come along with me to my house&quot; one day when I was coming to office by bus, I saw a boy who was physically misbehaving with a girl but she did not say anything, she looked scared happened to a school girl when was returning home from school on a crowded bus , few men tried to touch her private parts a colleague of mine was being emotionally pressurized by her boss to have sexual intercourse with him happened to a girl on a crowded bus, she was touched inappropriately one day I was crossing a road in winter times and somebody from the back side suddenly came and pressed my backside and passed from that place very quickly. I could not do anything that time. I had been sexually harassed by my grandfather. He called me to help me with my homework but I was unaware of his intentions. I was in 5th grade then and that incident helped me to be cautious of others. He pressed my breasts, he is no more now. happened to a girl I know on a crowded bus while moving around chandni chowk market, a friend of mine wass pinched twice on her private parts. She decided to leave the market without purchasing anything and was feeling extremely uncomfortable with this incident Young girl going to school held tight her breast squeezed on my way from school i met some boys and they forced me to remove my shirt and started touching me I was heading to the stage to board a bus and someone grabbed my hand asking me for my number and i tried to remove my hand but he held on so tightly and everyone was staring at us. I felt very ashamed and when he let go of my hand I walked quickly and boarded the bus feeling very embarassed I was in the Toi market and one of the hawkers grabbed my waist and the rest were just laughing. I did nothing but clicked I have been, abused harassed and robbed of valuables by my Call Centre Driver. No action was taken against them as they have a strong lobby with local political support. In the bus from Panjim to Ponda one man started following me and came into the bus. Bus was crowded. In sometime I got a seat. He came and stood next to me and started touching his private parts to me. He opened his chain of his pants and started using indecent words In the market buses one guy was nudging and passing comments making me feel very uncomfortable. The buses are very overpacked andcrowded In Panjim Market someone touched me while I was passing since it was a crowded place. While I was travelling in a bus from Ponda to Keri, the conductor of that bus touched my breast while the bus was full of passengers While travelling by the bus from Panjim to Miramar, one boy was willingly falling on my friend again and again Happened to my friend, harassed at a public place and even slapped her a drunk man touching my brest intentionally and inappropriatelly touching my walking a man followed me from platforn no 3 to the ticket counter and touched me thirce during the same. third person touhes me for the money Man followed from the platform and touched thrice indecently. once i was in grant road station where i was intentionally groped by the elbow by a man who kept oggling till i took the local train. I was in my classroom, inside the college of Amity School of Engineering and Technology, on E2, 2nd floor. Standing in class, waiting for the next class to begin. When a male classmate, walked by me and fell on top of me, grabbing and squeezing my breasts. Nobody seemed to have noticed, I was embarassed and I just walked away, just after staring at my assailant's face, trying to make sense of what happened, why it had happened. Touching, groping A man groped my private part. AFTER COLLEGE WHILE I ENTERED INTO A BUS, AN OLD MAN (70+) TOUCHED MY BACK (BRA STRAP BASICALLY) At the bus stop while standing in the line waiting for the bus, a guy tried to come too close and touch at inappropriate places We were a group of four (2 males 2 females) walking around the Carter road area when a middle aged man walking by groped my ass and lingered before taking a few steps ahead. The entire area was empty, so the groping could have been no accident. When I and my friends called out after him,he started rushing away hurriedly. It was post this that we caught up with him and demanded an apology - there was no proof and hence we couldn't take it ahead with the police. We did try and involve the nearby police, but they were satisfied with his apology. it was around 8 pm, i got off at the vishwavidyalaya metro station and was getting back to my hostel. i saw a guy following me. after a few minutes, he pulled me back to ask if we can be friends. He touched me inappropriately. i shouted 'no' and ran without looking back to my hostel I was waiting for someone outside a restaurant when some boys came up to me and kept asking me things and staring I was at the bus stop and a man tried to harrass me. Ex-boyfriend calls and blackmails girl Touching in Public transport In Mapusa to Pernem buses I was at the bus stop and one man tried to harrass me A friendly man invited me to his berth and started touching me inappropriately. A man tried to get into the women's compartment in the train and was commenting and tried to feel other women. In the bus, a man kept brushing himself against a girl. I saw 2-3 boys teasing a girl near the station. A man was touching my friend's body in a crowded bus. A man first commented and then touched/groped me. 2-3 boys started harrassing my friednas we both were walking on the street My friends uncle used to touch her inappropriately and keep pictures of her on his phone and tab. A man tried to brush his penis off of a woman's shoulder in the bus. A man touched me inappropriately in the bus. A man, on the station was staring at women and touching himself. It happened on the station while I was waiting for a train a man starting touching himself staring at all us women. My friend was walking on the platform along a passing train, a man from the train moving groped her. He pushed her into the platform further and made indecent calls. In the morning, a druggie started touching me inappropriately which made me very uncomfortable. My friend's stepmother doesn't care much for her and so her brother used to assault her. Their mother knew of this but still didn't say anything but one day my friend stood up for herself and shouted at him in front of the society and now he's serving 6 months of jail time. The cab driver kept brushing up against my leg and kept asking for my number. While a woman was getting onto a train I was on the bus going to college and a man started ruffing his crotch on my shoulder. I was on a bus going to college and was sitting on the aisle seat and a man came and started ruffing his crotch on my shoulder. I was on a bus going to college sitting on the aisle seat and a man started ruffing his crotch on my shoulder. i was going to school in the morning to give my exams, not many people were around, a man came out of nowhere and started pulling my skirt, i started shouting and kicking him, he slapped me and then ran away. i felt so humiliated, i skipped my exam and went and sat in the park alone all day i was molested by two men who were passing me on a bike. they pulled my dupatta and groped my breasts. this happened in the evening, there were people around but no one helped me i was getting back home from school. a man approached me with an ice cream and told me to take it. when i took it from him, he started touching me wrongly, i threw the ice cream and ran away my friend and i were in the shukar bazaar for some shopping. a man approached my friend and started forcing her to go with him. a shopkeeper came to our rescue. this happened in the afternoon, most other people just stood there and laughed at us and told us that we girls deserve this my friend told us about this incident in school. on her way here, she was stopped by a guy who held her wrist and started asking for a kiss i was going to work when i saw a man from my neighborhood approach me. he asked my name, when i refused, he blocked my way and kept staring at me. i pushed him and went away i was going to a party with my friend. we were nicely dressed that day and wanted to get to the party sooner so we took a short cut through dda park. 3 men were sitting near the entrance, they followed us and then misbehaved with us. they touched my friend inappropriately. we somehow got away this happened to me on the dtc bus, a man came and sat next to me and kept coming close. i constantly kept pushing his hand away but he kept coming close saying its very crowded on the other side and he is getting pushed too. i was filling water at a tap near my house in balaji chowk. a man came from behind and groped me. it was late at night and poorly lit a man held my wrist near balaji chowk and asked for sexual favors. i pushed him and ran away a man grabbed my dupatta and tried touching my breasts. it was dark and happened near balaji chowk i was groped by a man on my way back home from balaji chowk in the evening, i do not know who he was. he ran away after that i was getting back home at around 9 pm when a guy came from behind and started touching my personal parts . this happened at balaji chowk i saw a man misbehaving with a girl in budh bazaar,  i could not help her because i was not sure what was happening. he was pulling her by the arm. this happened in the afternoon. this happened to my friend. she was getting back from the shop when few men approached her and started misbehaving with her, they commented on her and asked for sexual favors. this happened in rajhans vihar in the afternoon i work as a cook in a bungalow near my house. my employer came to the kitchen and touched my breasts, i told him to go away but he kept abusing me. i was going to my school in deep vihar. a boy approached me and took my hand by force. he tried groping me and wanted me to come with him. i somehow pushed him and ran away. this happened early in the morning, not many people were around. i saw a man forcefully taking a girl with him. i did not know what to do to help her and no one around helped her either. this happened at night in the thursday market. i was going to my school in shiv vihar. i noticed a boy following me. when i asked me why he was doing this, he started groping and touching me. i started shouting and told him to go away, he then abused and slapped me. he pushed me, i fell to the ground. he went away and i ran to school after that. this happened early in the morning. my brother in law misbehaved with me in the street near our house. he was asking for sexual favors. i told no one about it because no one will believe me. this happened near balaji chowk an old man grabbed my wrist and started asking for sexual favors when i was getting back home. this happened at balaji chowk which is a crowded area in the afternoon. i was molested at murga chowk. 2 men snatched my dupatta and started touching me inappropriately in broad daylight. its horrifying that we are not safe even during the day i know of a girl who was groped in the DDA park by men loitering there. no one came to help her my father in law made sexual advances towards me when we were both going to the wednesday market. he asked me to kiss him after we got home. i was horrified. i told my mother in law about it. she told me that i need to live with this and not tell my husband about it or she will send me to my parents'. a man managed to forcefully tie me to a tree in DDA park when i was getting back from my school in the afternoon. he kissed me and touched me inappropriately and then ran away as i stood their protesting. i finally managed to untangle and get back home. i was terrified for days at the thought of school. i still get nightmares. this incident happened on 40 foota road, vikas nagar, phase 3. 2 men molested my friend in a street near her house. i was at my relative's place. my aunt had gone out and i was alone at home with my uncle. he called me to his room and told me to sit close to him. he then started touching my personal body parts and tore my inner when i shouted. when i started screaming, he got up to run away and threatened that if i told anyone, he will hurt me badly. a man near my house would keep staring at me. he then started following me to my school. one day he came really close and started whispering sexually suggestive things and even tried touching me inappropriately. i did not go to school for a few days and i was very scared to inform my mother also about it. this happens near hanuman mandir in vikas nagar. on our way to school, my friend was stopped by a man who started touching her breasts, we ran away out of fear. it was horrifying. i was on my terrace in the afternoon when a boy from the adjoining house approached me and asked me if i wanted to be friends with him. i said a yes. later that night, we were again on the terrace. he asked for a kiss, when i refused, he started groping me and touching me inappropriately this happened to me in my school in hastsal village. an uncle approached me with biscuits, when i took them from him, he started touching me inappropriately i was groped in the market in the evening. a friend of mine was abused by a man in the market. he passed dirty comments and tried touching her inappropriately an old man misbehaved with me in the hospital. he touched my breasts. i was too scared to do anything. i was sexually molested by a man in the street i live in. it was dark and no one was around to save me. a man tried touching me inappropriately in the park  in the afternoon. a shopkeeper used to misbehave with girls by telling them lies that he will help them with filling up the LIC forms. he would invite them home and touch them inappropriately. an old man held my wrist forcibly and tried forcing himself on me. I ran away. this happened in the evening at balaji chowk. I was on my way to school, an old man was coming towards me. He groped by breasts and it hurt a lot. I was very scared and I just ran to my school. I told my friends about it and they laughed at me and made fun of me. I've kept shut ever since. I was literally less than a block from my house just now (7pm), walking slightly slower than normal which attracted a couple looks, and this young guy just came up from behind (didnt see him coming) and slapped/grabbed my butt and then sprinted away in the opposite direction. It was jarring, especially cuz its 7pm , close to my house, and no one blinked an eye (mainly lower income men close to me at the time)...shiver I was going newroad from Lazimpat and the conductor tried to touch me intentionally but was acting as an accident later then he touched my thigh.I hold his hand and threw it towards him. He does not feel safe at the stations because of the crowd Stalking, Staring, Groping, Sexual Invites I wascrossing over to otherside of road using underground subway of delhi metrowhen ths man tryto crosspast meon the staircase knowing delhi's males I always keep close to the railing atleast on one side this time ther was only four inches gap through which te man tried to brush past me beforehat I turned around , caught him redhanded and dragged him police control room istead of immediately sending foe a lady  policeand booking the man for the offence they tried to look for proof on camera!! and it turned out tat the suveillance  cameraat that particular staircase had been out of order for last tree months. The man then started threatening me to file an FIR against me for man-handling him!!! the police looked on as he shmelesly argued with me and even cajoled me to let the man go on the condition that he will say sorry!!I wasted one hour waiting for te poice to call the lady senior officer in charge but the officers kept giving excuses and also warning me that more hours would be wastedif I stayed o to file the complaint 'It is not worth tis small matter madam&quot;&quot; they kept on saying even as they asked for my Identity , occupation e.t.c They were not even maintaining my anonymity before the accused who mmidiately recorded my phone no and I guess some unknown nos which call on my no from time to time since then could be this man's more than the man I felt like crushing those police men to powder.If people lie these are in charge of our security, how safe are we? I was on my way to station in a rickshaw.There was this old man,who was forced to sit in the middle as the other lady was sitting on the other end. and that man tried to feel my bra. I turned around and gave him a glaring look and the looked the other way as if nothing had happened. As i was already in a hurry, i let him go. touched my private parts intentionally in a crowded bus. it was happened with one of my friend where a man middle aged was trying to touch my friend taking advantage of crowd. TOUCHING IN WRONG PLACE IN TRAIN Hi, In BMTC Mejastic platform many strange men will be roamimg for time pass. where their behavior will be very embarrassing for women/girls. they will be showing their reproductive organs at women/girls. they will be hardly trying touch ladies sensitive parts when ladies hurry in catching buses. please consider this as big problem for ladies. teacher abused a girl one of my friends in college was walking alone from tuition class in the afternoon and a bike came from the opposite side and touched her inappropriately and sped away. City centre, durgapur i was 10 yrs old. my cousin and i were sleeping in a room. he was 13 yrs old. when i woke up, i saw he was touching me everywhere. that time, i was a child, i did not understand. a family friend tried to be inappropriately touchy during a family gathering. Stopped him and reported to my parents. They cut off all ties with him. Have u ever been near the main Jagannath idol in Puri temple? Sounds so lucky, right?
I felt the same when I had been there once on the eve of Karthik Purnamì.... The so called &quot;Pandas&quot;( priests) there run a special queue for people who pay them more to have a Darshañ of Jagannath 's main idol from very near.... it's a delight to have even a thought of it.... but as soon as I was there, the crowd was so heavy that I felt like my head is at a place &amp; my body at another.... I was almost shouting at my discomfort when amidst all these, I felt a palm(reaching from I don't know where) touching my breast.... I turned back to find out.... Perhaps, it was that priest himself who had taken us there.....I couldn't accuse him there directly but complaint the police present there about the happenings there without accusing any1 in particular....
I have shared this incident to aware people that mishaps can occur at any time anywhere, even at the safest of places u would have imagined.... I have many more such experiences.... will be reporting them too very soon.... It happened in the Local train. While travelling in general compartment. As i was waiting to get down at ghatkopar station i was surrounded by many people mojority being males. Suddenly i felt a person who was trying to embarras me by showing out his private part to me. I was disgusted and furious. I happened to be screaming on him and made a scene in front of everyone and told them what he did. Too bad i didn't bash him, as i was in shock at that moment. It was a shame to encounter such a scene. Govt. School boys molested two girls during December at 6:00 p.m. While they were going for their tuition alone. People looked by and went and did not help them. CCTV cameras were also ineffective so couldn't catch the culprits. Faced the harassment from bus conductor in bus I was returning from college and this guy was continuously staring at me, commneting and touching me i was molested by my teacher and wasn't raped as i managed to run away. at night when i was sleeping. a guy was rubbing up against me in a bus and was oogling Someone touched me inappropriately, near vasu dev school I was walking by and a man came from behind and groped me for some seconds.He then went by me after giving me a long and dirty stare. Last year on 17 May 2015 I was travelling to Gorakhpur in a roadways bus with my mom to appear in an examination. Me and my mom were sitting on a 3 seat chair. Seat adjacent to me was vacant. At Faizabad, a middle aged man aboarded the bus and sat next to me. Everything was fine when I realized something but I thought that may be due to the bus driving caused jerks are the reason. But when it happened again I was sure about it. The man sitting next to me was touching my breasts inappropriately. He was sitting folding hands so that it may not be seen. I instantly asked him to leave and sit somewhere else. He reacted as if he didn't know what was happening but I made him leave the seat. I was going to my home when an uncle passing by hit me from front and moved ahead. My friend was touched on her private parts and apart from that many times have seen a man who stands near ladies compartment and when the train leaves he misbehaves with the one sitting near window or those who are running to catch the train Some men try yo touch girls Was groped during peak hour rush at Dadar station bridge I been around 7.oo PM in the evening I was going back home from tuition..
Their were two boys smoking and drinking at the side of road..I was passing by their side ..then they immediately starting commenting and starting touching me...but the their came two boy who helped me when I started screaming.. I was travelling in a BEST bus when a man tried to get to close to me and I had to warn him to move away. I was touched in an inappropriate way in my locality (Indira Nagar) In a lane in my community, I was groped. Someone tried to strangle me. a friend of mine was harassed in the bus good friend are not worth of being trusted.a friend of mine tried to touch me and kiss me whike travelling in an auto a friend of mine was abused asa child Touched in a wrong way in crowded bus Wrong touch given by teacher my friend was teased and man handled at a station over bridge crossing on her way back home at night. she was on her way back home from college near mulund. she helped herself and ran away from there. she didnt speak about it for days. it was only later when she spoke about it me and my cousin were returning from school and a man walked past us and all of sudden he turned and pinched my cousins private area. before we knew he ran. i asked some boys to run behind him. this happened in front of st.joseph high schools playground. it was on the public vehicle a   man grab my finger it was scary and i changed my seat while i was crossing the road i was teased and followed by a man and he was also trying to touch me it was on our holiday so me and my friend went to visit pashupatinath temple some strangers flirt anh tried to catch my hand it was too frightening One of my mom's colleague asked me if I want to learn yoga. I showed my interest and wanted to learn it. I went to learn it. in name of teaching it, he touched me here and there. I am 14 year old boy and while returning from school to home some girls tried to touch my private things i was commented on my way while passing through boudha street one unknown man passed by me touching my sister's private part. the incident took place around 4 yeas back when i was way to attend my class. i was with my friend . then aboy came toward me .i even didnot look at his face and he suddenly huge me.i ccouldot even resist him .i was helpless at that moment . i was silent and crying  but my friend scold him.i didn't report this to anyone even to my parents once I was travelling in a public vehicle, an old man touched me at my private part. I felt uncomfortable and moved to another place. we four friends were visiting a place. while going on public bus, a middle aged man pushed us from backward. we told him to stand properly. one of my neighbours invited me to have prasad. he asked me to stay. After sometimes he tried to grab me and I escaped. I was in public vehicle where a guy who was standing behind me scrolled his hand over my body. I was in a bus where an unknown person started staring me and rolled his hands over mine hand. one of friend was returning from her office. it was getting dark. some boys came on bike and started to touch and tease her. she got fainted and they were about to take her with them. other people rescued her. I have felt unnecessary touching around private organs several time in public vehicle of this area. So, I feel uneasy in public vehicle. i was travelling in a bus.a group of boys came near to me and tried to touch my private parts.i suddenly told about their intention to other people travelling in the same bus then they help me out me, my father and my brother were in gopi krishna movie hall. ticket counter was bit crowdy so one guy touched the girl and the girl immediately replied her by shouting at her and later that guy felt shame and he backoff. in evening, i was travelling with public vehicle it was over crowded. at the time one person from back put his hand at my back but i couldnt see who he was as vehicle are really very full. in the morning, when i was coming in the bus one uncle put his hand on the lap of one lady. that lady turned red becoz of shame but couldn't take any action. once i was travelling in the public vehicle there were 3 girls seating on the back row of the bus. one guy came and sat in between the gurls though there were enough empty seats and he started singing hindi songs in loud voice and touched one of the girl. he was harassing them. this incident happened in a public vehicle. the country was suffering from fuel crisis. the public vehicles were packed my sister was travelling in a micro bus where there was no space to put in the legs she suddenly saw and old aged man (abt 55-60 yrs) touching the hip of a teenaged girl. my sister didn't say anything to the man. the old man chronically touched the hip. the harrased girl noticed the man and returned back she said nothing. a girl was being teased by the gang of boys in the public vehicle. the people in the bus try to save the girl but those guys threatened other people by saying if they interfere or complain to anyone they will kill everyone so nobody took action. one young man followed and i was coming from dhungedhara with bottles in my bags and he catch my hand and pool toward him.i coundnt do anything as i was not big enough to fight nor ppl around helped me. i have to finally shout and he left me. Traveling during night with my sister one stranger came and sit by our side. we both were not big enough to care ourselves. as we were asleep that guy start touching my sister. i woke up and saw him harassing my sister so i immediately told the conductor of the bus and he took the action by dropping him out from the bus. One day my sister was going to the cinema hall and two boys came and sat near to my sister and they start teasing and touching her. One day we four frens were walking in the kanti road,lazimpat. we saw a basketball match for few minutes and walked nearby garden at kanti hospital. In garden, some stranger boys were playing football and invited us to join them but we denied. Then we walked away from them but they followed us and later on they started asking money with us. We ignored them but the situation became worst as they start touching us so it end up with big fight. I was followed by some biker who was also passing comments. a boy an unknown boy touched me My teacher always harasses me My relative touches me everyday i feel so harassed I have been to photo studio to get a photo edited.the person there made me sit beside him intentionally to show the editing and tried touching my breast/ waist I was in a bus and a man groped me. A guy tried to grope me in a crowded train. A men stalking &amp; abusing a girl I was touched in private places in crowded area,it happened in jagannath puri inside the temple I was groped in a market. I was outside a shop waiting for someone when a man came from behind and touched me, commented something and walked away. I was in a crowded local train and a man kept touching me throughout the journey and when we got down on the last station, he whispered a comment in my ear and went away. I was with some of my friends in a car. Some guys came and knocked at the door.the blackmailed us and tried to harras us sexually and verbally . when i was at buspark one man was following me throught balaju. he was very rought. he alwas catches my hand when i told him not to touch me he said i want you. so however went to my parents and tell about this incident my parents react about this and he was punished. Me and my friend were coming back from our coaching and there was a guy he hit hard on my friends back and ran away. I was on scooter in red red light. Just then a micro  bus conductor touched my upper body part and passed. It was so spontaneous that I could not even react. I was asleep in my room one of my maternal cousin brother who was living in our home for one year  touched me inappropriately giving a sexual invite. I just pushed him and got down in living room. I couldn't talk about this with my family members. I live in rural place of Kathmandu(Naikap) where bathroom for bathing is not available. I used to bath in open space( mainly in front of tap). One day while bathing my cousin touched my boobs. I just couldn't do anything except crying. I couldn't even share this with my family member. One of my friend was in last bus between two boys, they tried to touch her. Although she managed to exchange the seat. I was in the bus, I was wearing shorts that day. A man put his hand on my thigh. Then I took off his hand from there after sometime he again did the same thing. He repeated it several times, so I changed my seat. One of my girl friend was traveling alone in the bus where an old man made weird facial expression giving sexual invite as well as touched her. She was so uncomfortable and scared. When I was coming from my village, I was traveling in a crowded bus where a boy touched a girl inappropriately, he did this many times but the girl was ignoring. Later one aunt came between them I was traveling in a crowded bus where a middle aged man of 30-35 touched my private part. I was so scared that I couldn't speak a word. When my sister and I were traveling in Nepal Yatayat. An old man touched her upper body again and again but my sister ignored it. It was crowded micro bus. Someone touched me inappropriately taking advantage of the bus. My sister was touched by a man next her in the bus. It was done intentionally again and again then my sister cried in the bus. I was traveling by a crowded bus. There I was standing, a group of boys entered the bus. One boy was standing behind me and he tried to touch my back again and again. Me and my friend were out. My friend was wearing short skirt. It was crowed place there one of the guy touched her thigh. When I was returning home, a middle aged man touched my sensitive part while crossing the bridge in Jamal. When me and my friend were talking she said that some one in the street pulled her skirt after that she ran towards her house quickly. She really cried while talking about this. I was with my family in the monastery, I was called by a monk in his room to talk about an interaction class of Buddhist principles. He was respected and well known monk, I the room he tried touch my body in uncomfortable way but he pretended as if he was just caring me. Later, I told this to my parents but they said me to remain silent about it no one would believe it. When me and my friend were going to college in early morning of winter, one guy tried to touch us. We were unable to see that man face properly as the bus didn't have proper lighting It happened to someone I know, when she was coming to home from her office. The group of boys teased, followed and tried to touch her. She fought back to this incident. When I was returning from school, an old man followed me and tried to touch my body. I was in micro bus, it was pack I was standing so I gave my bag to an old man who was approximately(60-65). When I was watching my bag I saw that old man touching the girls sensitive part who was sitting next to him. When I was returning from the college I was touched by a middle aged man on my back. He was checking his pocket time and again. At first I thought it was accident but he did the same thing again. I stared at him and changed my seat with my friend. There used to be a shop in front of my house where I used to play with shop owners son. The shopkeeper tried to touch my private parts intentionally. I felt so nervous and still today when I meet that person I am uncomfortable though his shop is being moved. I was in bus when a man sitting next to me tried to touch my body. I was feeling nervous and uncomfortable. When I was traveling in the bus. I saw a girl was being touched by an old man. A drunkard sat next to my friend and he tried to touch her pretending as if he was taking his purse out. I was with my friends in Narayanhiti museum, when my friends were in queue for ticket I was sitting nearby just then a policeman came and said me you cant sit here touching the body. Later he pretended as if he didn't do it intentionally. When I was going to the hospital one old man who looked like mentally unstable, touched my boobs. Me and my friend were traveling in Nepal Yatayat bus there one man put his hand on my friend lap as it was normal. In afternoon time I was out with my brother and sister. Some guys passed by us, there one of the boy touched my butt. I informed this to my brother and my brother informed the police. Then the police made him to sorry. Two year ago, I went to my village in my sister wedding the one of my relative touched me wherever he like. At that time I was not aware of sexual harassment. I didn't know what to say so I remained silent. When I was walking suddenly one man grabbed my hand. I slapped him back. I was in the bus. There was boy who sat next to me at first he asked me which place is this? The suddenly he held my hand and asked time, I was shocked and scolded him. I was touched on my back. The bus was packed with many people so I didn't know who did it. While I was going from Baghbazar to Samkhusi in the public bus the man sitting with me tried to touch my body pretending as if he was taking out his purse. I was going to my school in micro bus(public vehicle). One boy tried to touch my back then I moved a bit far from him. I was sexually harassed by a man. 2-3 men cat-called me and whistled while i passed on my way home from classes. A man made discomforting expressions and touched me indecently in the local trains. A friend was harassed in public A man spanked me in Aquamagica in a way no one saw. A man tried to touch a girl in the bus, she was visibly uncomfortable A drunk man kept trying to touch a girl inappropriately in the bus I was harassed in the train I was groped in the train A man tried to sexually assault me A man riding a bike came and spanked me on my butt and went off I was with my friends and a guy came and touched my breasts and went off it was a iv trip by college in Rajasthan. the head of the department touched me inappropriately. Many people around stare whistles hoots directly looking towards girls irrespective of the appearance or dress style. In crowded buses also indecent way of behavior and touching. I was travelling from Ponda to Panjim. While I was talking on the phone someone tried to touch me. When I tried to see him he was not there still I waited near the door of the bus after getting off to catch him but I could not find him. My friend and I were walking down the road when two guys on a bike slowed down next to us, grabbed my friend's breasts and sped off. We did not even get the time to react or complain. It was a crowded space and yet they dared to do it. Been touched, whistled at and followed I was touched at Andheri Station a man tried to touch me inappropriately on the road. i looked at him and said what and he didnt react to it. i went away. when i was travelling back home by bus from college, there was a man that took the seat next to me. at first i didnt realize that anything was wrong but then he started sticking to me and even put his hand on my thigh. that was when i got up and took another seat. i was on my way to college travelling in a bus in pune. a man was making facial expressions towards me and tried holding my hand.i was confused and i walked away as the next stop was mine. i was walking upstairs on the bridge in dadar station when a man aged 20-25 touched my back and felt me. i turned around and slapped him. Was touched by group of men while boarding the bus Was sexually harrased by bunch of men when getting into the bus The taxi driver tried to feel me by telling me there was a bug on my shirt. A man came up to me and touched my breasts while i was drinking water and immediately walked off so that i could not see his face A man was taking pictures of me while i was on my way to college Once a guy caught hold of my hand while i was walking in the evening. i have also encountered a lot of comments and catcalls a man in his mid 20's came running towards a girl on the crowded street of dev nagar market. He pressed her breasts and ran away. We were too stunned to react, by the time we could do something, the guy had fled. i was shopping in sadar bazaar with my sister in law. A muslim man by appearance accompanied by a child, slapped my rear. i had a bat in my hand and i hit him with it. The man made excuses saying the kid did it by mistake, lying to my face. I confronted him and shouted. He left right after, my sister in law stopped me from pursuing it further. My friend came home and noticing that no one is around, he tried to forcefully kiss me and touch me inappropriately. At a dinner meeting, my uncle called me to his room and touched me inappropriately, I fled from there. In a crowded street a man groped my chest twice and when he attempted the third time, I punched his stomach and ran away. A bunch of men commented and touched me and my friend. My friend and I were teased at by a bunch of men One man tried to touch me in the bus A man touched my knees in a very bad manner A woman was touched inappropriately by a man sitting next to her in the bus and when she reacted, he was thrown out of the bus and sent to the police station. A man pulled a woman into my building and was touching her in wrong places In the class, a boy tried to touch me inappropriately. While I was getting into a crowded bus, a man groped my chest. My friend and I were in the lift and a man was touching us. Harrassment and inappropriate behaviour by men who conduct rides on the beach. My friend and I were at the bus stop when a old man flashed his genitals at us and walked off as though nothing happened. A man touched my aunt from behind when she went out shopping. While I was in the train, a man came from behind and started touching me. My father hit him. As I got off a train, a man passing felt my thighs. I went out shopping with a group and some boys started teasing us. My friend was raped by her tuition teacher. My swimming coach touched me inapropriately while I was learning how to swim. I used to be touched everytime I stood up in class to answer a question. I was molested by a teacher after class I was molested by a teacher. A man forcefully pressed himself n a woman's breasts in a crowd bus. At night when I was sleeping My friend was raped by her tuition teacher. A man tried to touch me weirdly, i shouted at him and he ran away. A man felt me with his private parts from behind. A man touched a girl's hand and when she moved it away, he caught her hand and was grinning. My friend was raped by her tuition teacher. Many boys comment on me while I walk on the streets. A man came towards a girl and touched her hand and arm. The girl, being extremely confident walked off. While I was getting out of the rickshaw, the driver stroked my legs. Two guys tried to kiss me and molest me at a party My friend and I were travelling by bus and it was crowded, a man started pushing my friend on purpose and touched her in her private parts and she started shouting. The man got scared and left the bus. A man, regular in my bus and my route and after we both got off at the same stop, he touched me in a wrong place and i felt very bad. When i was travelling by bus, a man tried to touch me and put his hand on my shoulder. A man touched inappropriately in a bus on the way to Goa. A man touched me inappropriately in the bus. On a silent street, I saw a girl being taken into a cab and harrassed. I was in the car with my uncle and my sister alongwith my uncle's friend going to my village and my uncle touched me in an inappropriate place. in the BEST bus. Aman tried to grope my thigh and tried to hold my hand at the same time. I was in the bus and this man brushed up to me in a wrong way. Kept touching his crotch are a to my shoulder. I showed my discomfort clearly, but he did not take a hint. I then got up and left. groping groping This happened in a bus, public transport. It was in broad daylight. I was on my way to college and the bus wasn't that crowded. There was enough space for two people to stand back to back with big bags on 'em. This particular male was standing next to my seat. There was enough and more space behind him. But noooooo... He started rubbing his crotch against my shoulder, subtly at first and then very obviously. I made my discomfort very apparent. But he didn't seem to get it. I shifted inside my seat and so did he. I think the lady beside me knew what was going on but didn't say a word, neither did the people behind me nor the bus conductor. Well neither did i in the first place, i was frozen and gripped in shock and fear. I think now i am better prepared to make shit go down if someone tries the same feat with me. But i'll never know. sexual harrassment commenting Near Hardrock cafe.. man tried to grope In the year 2014,I came across such an incident where a young girl of about 17 years old was raped and abandoned near a bush.Reason being that she drank a boy's bear and promised  to date the boy but lateron did not. On a hot Sunday afternoon, I was in a taxi going to the market at Muea.There was a man sitting infront beside the driver.When the driver had dropped everybody, I was the only one in the taxi.All of a sudden he started touching me and telling me that I have fresh legs.He asked me for my number but i did not give him. On my way back from church during xmas eve, some girls saw me and one of them walked up to me and said&quot;will you like to have sex with me?&quot; I replied no.She got angry and she and her friends attempted to remove my trousers to force me to have sex with them.Thank God my brother came to my rescue Abuse.On campus ,I was moving with a friend who was stopped by a boy whom she knew.He  asked her to kiss him and when she refused ,he forced himself A girl was harassed.A neighbour of mine was sexually harassed by another neighbour .The boy who was known as a womanizer had asked the poor little girl to be his girlfriend but she refused.The boy became furious .One day ,the girl was alone at home .The boy walked into her room and shot the door behind him.The boy tried to rape her .When she shouted from the top of her voice,people came to her rescue I went for a visiting to a persons house and I don't know if he was drunk but he started behaving funny.I noticed it and took my bag to leave .He wanted to force me but fortunately I was already near the door so I quickly pushed the door and ran away. I went to a male friend's place for visiting .We went out to a drinking spot.We returned to his place and he still gave me something to drink.I got drunk and he made advances towards me and I responded because I was drunk . The lady went to the uncle's house to demand for money for her school fees.When she arrived the uncle forced her,tying her up on a chair.One leg on one side and the other leg on the other side.The girl was 8 years old. My friend was abused by one boy  who touched her breast infront of the whole class.The boy and the girl were quarelling and the boy threatened her that he was going to disgrace her in public.So that day when everybody was in class,the girl was entering class then the boy hurried and pull up her gown and the girl was ashamed According to information gathered,a little girl of about 5 years was sexually harassed by the neighbour whom she considered an uncle because of the gifts he used to give to the child When I was in secondary school, my claasmate used to come closer to me and starts making unecessary advances at me  like touching me and kissing me without my consent Sexual harassment that I witnessed was with one of my friends in Muyenge.She was on her way to the market that fateful day and surprisingly one unknown person kiss her breast.She became very angry that day. When she was employed to work in SOCAPALM plantation, she was alone in her work section and the head of the team came,started touching her and said he wants her to be his friend and that if she accepts to have sex with him ,he will give her anything she wants . A friend of mine was sexually abused when we were still in primary school.While in primary school, I did not understand what sexual harassment was but I noticed that my friend who had developed breast at the time was constantly held by boys and I found them pushing her to the ground and touching her breast. I have actually been sexually harassed and raped when I was sixteen years old and it was not a good experience. I had been dating a guy for about a year .When ever we meet we just discuss and go back home.As time went on he started asking for sex but at first he didn't because of my bahviour towards him.I told him  to wait for the right time because it is the best but to no avail. Until the last day when we met in a snack bar when he harassed me This happened in the year 2010.A girl of about 35 years  put to birth a girl child .Because the father of her child left her and her child she depended on her brother. After 5 years she left the child with her.The uncle though married fell inlove with her little niece.One day during her wife's absence he raped the girl but the wife caught him When I finished to study with the boy he asked me to kiss him in the streets.When I refused he wanted to intimidate me and I ran away. I witnessed a situation one day when I visited a friend of mine.He was behaving strange and funny.He tried kissing me and took off his clothes.It was emabarassing. I went to school that day but didn't enter class because I was afraid of being driven out of class for not paying my school fee.I sat behind the school classroom crying.He told me to follow him that he will take me home.He tricked me to follow him into a bush saying that it was a short cut.I had no idea what was on his mind.He caressed me and when i realised what was happening ,i screamed and ran away. A group of boys who gang up in the Government primary school molyko buea to smoke usually take advantage of those who pass around at night or less powerful.SO this case was that of an insane girl who passed through this direction at night.Unfortunately for her that day she met these boys.Knowing that she was insane they took advantage of her insanity and raped her bably It was one unfaithful day when I took my sweet potato girl for a date.We took some bottles of drinks but I got drunk because I took alcoholic drinks.She took me home and helped me refreshen up but I was still not okay.She saw it as an opprotunity to have sex with me because she had been admiring my body for a long time.It was the worse thing that has ever happened to me on an xmas day. One of my very good friends even though he does not go to school ,he told me that he has seen a girl that he loves but the girl keeps denying his proposal to date him.After some time he told me that if he does not have the girl, no one else would. So one fateful night he went and caught the girl when she was coming back from evening studies and raped her in an uncompleted building. It happened on Monday evening.On one unfateful day.I witnessed a sexual harassment between a boy and a girl.When the boy and the girl where standing on the street to my house and I suddenly passed in front of them,I saw the boy touching the girl in a bad way and the girl shouted for the boy to leave her alone.To my greatest suprise ,when i turned behind i saw the girl was already naked on the floor and the guy was naked too. This incident occurred just three months ago when a guy brought a girl to Tiko ,just to sexually assault her.The guy knew no body in their area knew neither him nor the girl.As the story was told passersby heard a girl screaming in a vehicle and on going there,they saw this guy forcing himself on the girl.They opened the door and the guy excaped.On asking who the guy was to the girl,her respond was she doesn't even know they guy. Few months ago, my friend was sexually harassed by one of our boy friends.It was one afternoon when we were from reading, when the road was very calm and dr.There were no pedestrians nor cars.Suddenly we heard a voice which frightened us and my friend was taken in to a bush where she was severely raped by two boys. it was one night when I went to a school near our house to read.On returning home I met a boy,who tried to court me and when I showed no interest,he grabbed me and tried to rape but thank God there was a passerby who rescued me. One of my friends was coming back from school after reading.She was harassed on the way by boys who were smoking.they tried to rape her and she attempted to run.she was caught ,put on the groud and brutally raped until she collapsed.She was rushed to the hospital The guy was lusting after me Many boys in my class when I was in form five usually liked to touch my buttocks and wanted to even touch my breasts .Some liked commenting and others making catcalls and whistles and all the rest. I have been sexually harassed .While my parents were away,I was left in the house with my uncle .At night when I was sleeping my uncle harassed me saxually but thank God I struggled with him until he let me go.When ever I think of what he struggled to do to me .It make me loose respect for him.I reported the case to my mother and she drove him out. It happened one day in the village when I went to spent some time with my grandmom. It was at the market.I followed her to the market .We met this man who was selling and we wanted to buy building nails.He slapped my buttocks but I succeeded to put him in his right position. I walked passed the street with my friend and suddenly heard whistling from a corner .When I turned to look I saw a group of boys throwing slants at my friend .I was somehow emabrassed. Some girls were returning late from reading when they came across some hoodlum.They removed weapons which the used to frighten the girls.Some of the boys took advantage of the girl's fright to touch their sensitive parts. A student on her way to school decided totake a short cut so as to reach school early.On her way certain street boys attacked and dragged her into the bush where she was seriously raped by three boys .she slept there helpless when passers-by saw her books ,traced and found her lying there helplessly. One girl on Campus wants me to make love with her without me accepting to do what she requests of It was on the 25 th of Dec .I was just passing by some group of boys and they called out to me but I ignored them.The persisted by following me and I just ignored them.All of a sudden they started calling me names and all I was  walking down the street one day, and I saw a group of boys .One made an attempt on me that is ;tried to talk to me about having a relationship with me. When I refused, he tried to force himself on me but thank God I cried for help. My sister was at her job side ,she sells in a restaurant when she noticed a man on one end of the building making her signs inviting her over which she did not like and he even held her by the hand. It was dark and my friend was coming back from school from reading around 10pm.She was harassed by a rapist. I was coming back from school one evening when two guys came out of no where with knives telling me to come .I was lucky I was not close enough so I flew. When I had a lunch meeting with my coach , he tried to touch my breasts and when I got mad at him he tried to describe me as childish and uncivilised When I was walking to my aunts place, I saw a group of boys they called me to come and I refused .One of them walked up to me and touched by breasts ,when I wanted to react they started insulting me. I sat and felt hands all over my body A young man moved passe me along the street and touched my buttocks.When I tried retaliating everyone turned against me.They said I claim to be a virgin, very beautiful and a Virgin Mary.I felt embarrassed and shocked as some females joint in throwing insults at me. At about 6:30pm ,I visited a friend in his cité. We had a conversation for about 1 hour . After that he moved beside me.He started touching my thighs &amp; chest with his hands . I resisted. He moved back towards the door and closed it . Seeing what he had done, I left the room to the balcony where people could see me. He sat on his bed &amp; said I will only leave that environment after he had slept with me.I had to stay at the balcony for 2 hrs crying and pleading for him to let me go. He refused.After 1 hour he decided to let me go when I called my friend on phone who came up to my rescue. To avoid problems , I decided to not go to the police and let go of the case. a man tried groping me in sunday market. it was so crowded that i could not understand what is happening. it felt so bad. an old lady was pulled into the bushes by a man when she went there to ease herself. He groped her breasts and bit her also. She was rescued by a shopkeeper nearby. Most people don't have toilets i  n their houses, she doesn't too. a man touched my breasts and ran away when i was going to the jungle to ease myself, i was so shocked that i could not respond. two bikers tried snatching my dupatta near the bus stop. they took the dupatta away and i ran to a corner. 2 men tried groping me in the sunday market, when i started shouting, the hands went off but in the crowd i couldn't see who they were. it was really dark. 2 school boys tried groping me and when i started screaming, they ran away. i know they were school boys because they were carrying school bags the bus stop on main road is very unsafe. an auto driver tried pulling me in. it was dark and very few people were around. i somehow got away and ran home. i run a tea stall near the lal kuan petrol pump and mostly cater to men who are truck drivers. On one night around 10 pm, three drunk men came to my stall and started passing lewd comments after which one of them pulled my dupatta. My son who is just 8 went and called for help. I am poor and a woman so people blamed me. No point calling the police because they are corrupt and will team up with the men. i was going to buy vegetables near the main road petrol pump and had to cross an area where trucks are parked. Men were drunk there and misbehaved with me. they tried to grope me. i screamed and few people came to my rescue. The sunday market is a nuisance here. A man tried groping me in the market and no one intervened, when i informed the police, they blamed my clothes for it. Two men on a bike tried snatching my dupatta and passed lewd comments when i was resisting it. A guy tried to intentionally take advantage of the crowd in the bus and touched a girl. But it was good to see people take notice and do something about it My well known friend from childhood was abused by her neighbour. He used to give her chocolates and tried to touch her private parts and sometimes tried to lie on her body. A woman revolted against a man taking the advantage of the morning rush hour to grope her. A man purposely tried to budge into me. I was walking and an old man touched me from the back inappropriately in places A 6th grader teased a 1st grader in the school bus. He lifted her skirt up. Touching and groping and indecent exposure My friend was travelling by metro when a stranger groped her hand. My friend and I were walking behind our colony in a street when a man came to my friend and groped her waist. I was standing in the queue with my husband, young daughter and some family friends. The young college group pushed from behind and the person standing just behind me pinched me. I slapped him. I reported it to the police who took over.
This happened during the trade fair at the Gujarat Pavillion. There was a colleague of my cousin studying in the law faculty of Delhi University. She was passing by Malkaganj near Kamla Nagar. There was a group of minors who patted her on the backside. She followed them and got hold of them. A lot of harassment takes place near this area. Girls are harassed and people roam around with knives. I was returning home after practice and a boy deliberately caught my hand. A guy on the DTC bus was intentionally touching me over and over again. Touched and groped in Surat. I got annoyed and ignored thereafter. When I was a young lawyer, I commuted in crowded buses. I was pushed and groped and I hated travelling by buses. A girl was walking with her hair clutched and two boys came on a bike and just pulled the clutch from the back. At the time of the bandy in Andhra Pradesh (Vizag), me and my sister were walking on the street. There were no street lights at that particular place. Some boys riding on the motorbikes tried to touch and started commenting. Harassment in the bus whilst sitting. Harassment at a coaching class in Delhi Harassment in the metro feeder Harassment Harassment Harassment Harassment at Rajiv chowk metro station Eve teasing There is a Saturday Market every week and lots of incidents of touching and groping. People touched and also commented Someone groped me from behind. There are many incidents but to be specific in the Rajiv Chowk metro station while I was waiting for my train. Some people called out names and tried to grope me. I was standing in the metro and someone touched my hand. His smirk told me that he did it deliberately. Touching and ogling at Anand Vihar ISBT A girl was stuck in the evening with her car which had broken down. A guy approached her and pretended to help her. He happened to be the worst nightmare that she could imagine. A boy started to touch the girl's hand and when the girl gave the boy a look, he moved but after sometime he grabbed both her hands and then touched her ass. A drunk man tried to kiss a girl when she was passing by him. A friend of mine was abused or commented by a guy and when she did not respond he tried to touch her. The guy tried to touch the private part of my friend near my house in Vikas Puri I was in the market with my family and a man actually groped my breasts. I was going to the market and a boy came on a bike and he tried to touch me on my private parts. while entering the subway at Lajpat Nagar, somebody was going upstairs and crossed my friend who was getting down. He grabbed her butt as he passed her. Wanted to get physical on the metro Tried to touch my breast with his elbow and hand I was travelling and somebody was staring at me and following me. My friend entered into the lift where an old man was also present. The old man tried to kiss my friend. This happened in Anusudhan society, Dwarka Sector 6. During Holi someone threw an egg near my lower back which was really embarrassing. I was coming back home from my coaching class. Suddenly someone on the bike held my hand and increased the acceleration of the bike. When my sister goes to college a group of people stare at her and pass bad comments. They even try to touch her by crossing her whenever possible. I was walking on the street when a man suddenly grabbed my breast and ran away. He was nowhere to be found. I was travelling in metro heading to my college. A guy who was standing next to me tried to come closer to me and even gave some indecent looks. Teacher tried to touch at DPS Dwarka I was being stalked by 2 boys who after following me for about an hour tried to make conversation. On my refusal to talk to them they got hold of me. Luckily there were other people around. One day I was going to my school travelling in public transport. There was very much rush. There was no space to stand and after sometime I found that a man was holding me from behind. I didn't know what to do. I pinched him badly and gave him a very bad look. My friend had a teacher in her school - a primary teacher who used to behave awkwardly and if a student used to complain he used to beat the student without any reason. I was practising for a table tennis tournament and my coach was trying to touch me and showed me awkward positions. 2 girls in a metro station were going towards Huda city centre and in general compartment one man touched her like hell someone hurts the sentiments of a girl. A shopkeeper started touching a girl's private parts while she was window shopping for laptop bags. Touching and groping at Rajiv chowk metro station Groping on delhi metro Touching, groping, stalking, catcalls and whistles in Delhi I was in a dark alley when a man approached me from the back and touched me. Commenting, catcall, whistles,touching Touching, groping My friend's tuition teacher used to touch her and ask her to come to his house alone. Touching, groping, commenting A man was touching my back At the bus station an old man started talking to me and started touching my hair. At the metro station a man tried to touch me A biker tried to grab my breasts Commenting, catcall, whistles,touching Commenting, catcall, whistles,touching,clicking pictures Touching, groping Touching, groping, commenting Touching, groping A man groped my breasts when i was entering the train Touching, groping A man tried to touch my private parts by behaving as if he accidentally hit me Commenting, catcall, whistles,touching Touching, groping A group of guys tried to touch and grope my friend A girl was walking on the street and some boys touched her and ran away. A group of guys were trying to click pictures with unwelcoming comments and were asking for sexual favors from two girls I was on my way home when some boys on bikes tried to touch me. they were following me and tried to snatch my purse. a man came and pulled my tee shirt and ran awau Commenting, catcall, whistles,touching Touching, groping Touching, groping Touching, groping Stalking, eve teasing, touching,groping Commenting, catcall, whistles,touching Touching, groping Three boys tried to sexually abuse my friend a man felt my friend's hand with his genitals A man touched my butt when i was traveling in the bus Touching, groping Commenting, catcall, whistles,touching A man patted my friend while she was walking and ran away I was in the metro when i felt an elderly man trying to unzip my trousers. i moved back but didn't say anything for fear of embarassment I was entering the metro when someone touched my butt and breast I was followed by a group of drunk boys on my way home People started touching me from the back in the metro taking advantage of the crowd. While coming back from college a group of boys started commenting and making vulgar expressions Some school boys touched a girl's body at indecent place Commenting, touching, groping.taking pictures, sexual invites touching and indecent exposures touching and groping commenting and catcalling and touching and groping a group of guys trying to push me in the crowd touching and groping and pushing deliberately touching and groping at inappropriate places touching at inappropriate places and pushing deliberately a guy trying to touch me at inappropriate places ogling and touching and groping touching and groping - touching and groping touching and indecent exposures touching and poor street lighting touching and groping touching and hooting touching and groping commenting and groping and hooting chain snatching and touching and groping touching at inappropriate places and poor street lighting touching and groping touching at inappropriate places inappropriate touching A teacher from an informal school in Kibera inserts fingers in the girls private parts. This has been happening for some time, this is said to be his character. stalking... women being groped and harassed in public touching touching groping... groping one of my friends was sexually molested by her cousin when she was 12 touching groping , sexual invites at various places , chemist shops , recharge store , and semi rural area sexual invites , stalking cousin harassed my at my place the boy groped me and stared like hell random sardars in the metro tried to molest me sexual invites indecent exposure indecent exposure stalking , touching and gropping commenting and groping near the metro station during the daytime stalking  eve teasing eve teasing chain snatching guys commenting and trying to assault government school girls touching , groping north east girl sexually assaulted touching , groping in the market touching and groping touching and groping due to poor street lighting touching groping and commenting by drunk men , near the wine and beer shop stalking and commenting 4 guys stopped the rickshaw i was traveling in and tried to touch me at inappropriate places drunk men driving rashly and tried to grop incidents of touhcing and groping touching and groping in public buses Incidents of sexual assault stalking , touching commenting and groping poor street lighting there was poor street lighting as a result some guys tried to grop me Some guys  were stalking a girl some guys made indecent comments , and tried to grop a girl near Bal Bharti Public School it is a weird area. mostly low income groups market, evening time 
deliberate push ass grabbing some guys touched me at inappropriate places i was travelling in the bus and one guy kept touching me and harassing me in all the wrong ways. a guy i knew once groped my ass , when i was 11 years old A girl was harrased He tried to pull my jacket. Near fire station, Roop Nagar Touching at crowded places and commenting Touching, groping and commenting at Rajiv Chowk Metro station stealing, commenting, groping unknown guy abusing a girl by touching her unwantedly touching a girl walking along the road a group of guys ried to tocuh me at inappropriate places and whistle regularly Family Friend tried to molest daughter a cab following throughout and asking for sexual favours a guy tried to touch me at inappropriate places due to poor lighting , wasn't able to catch the people who tried to grope my butt Guys in car stopped in front of the rikshaw and then followed us. Touching   and groping nearthe metro station, in broad day light Chain Snatching , Robbing Jewellery eve teasing in the park , 
it is difficult to walk or go out of the house alone , even in the morning Eve Teasing in the park,
it is difficult to go out of the house alone , even during the day time, While waiting to get on the train an Indian man walked towards me, as he passed me, without making eye contact he pinched me very hard on the thigh. He carried on walking without looking back and I was so shocked I just got on the train. A boy was stalking me and my friend for 10 mins. When we realised he started walking fast, we entered into a crowded place and he touched us badly. A boy tried to manhandle a girl that he mistook for his friend. I was going to my institution by bus, suddenly a boy started touching and teasing me from the back. At first I ignored but after a limit I objected. These incidents happen many times on the bus. Sexual gestures with comments and whistles Commenting, touching, groping I was in Jaipur shopping with my mom when i felt someone touch my backside. I turned around and slapped him. I was returning from my dance class when a man grabbed my arse and ran away I was traveling by bus and a boy was intentionally falling on me and trying to touch me. Taking pictures Touching, groping Commenting, touching, groping There were two big men around age 29, they grabbed the hand of a girl and locked her  in the resting room of the railway station. The security were not efficient to help her. I was traveling in a rickshaw alone and suddenly he turned to an unknown direction and tried to touch me Stalking, passing comments I was literally less than a block from my house just now (7pm), walking slightly slower than normal which attracted a couple looks, and this young guy just came up from behind (didnt see him coming) and slapped/grabbed my butt and then sprinted away in the opposite direction. It was jarring, especially cuz its 7pm , close to my house, and no one blinked an eye (mainly lower income men close to me at the time)...shiver I was walking in the evening talking on phone and suddenly a guy hit me on my hand and walked away with his group of friends. A man came close to my friend in a bus and he touched her private part which he was not supposed to touch.

This was at the bus stop near Connaught Place. Someone pinched her on the metro Staring unnecessarily, commenting weird stuff Once I was standing at a bus stop. Another girl was standing behind me. Suddenly a maniac man came and he was trying to kiss or whatever dont know but he cut that girl on her lips. I was on a metro station when a guy came and hit my breast. I couldnt react at all. Boy was continuously following me till I reached the metro station. He had passed comments and also touched me by his hand. I was with a friend. Two guys came on a bike and the person sitting at the back touched my friend's ass. A middle aged man opened his zip in a crowded metro and teased/touched a girl with his genitals. The girl and I along with some men shouted and caught hold of the man. He was beaten up and was bleeding profusely after that. He apologised a lot after that but we handed him over to the metro authority. commenting Groping Yelling abuses or passing in decent remarks at girls. touching in inappropriate places one of my friends were sexually harassed while she was walking on the street, the man felt her up A man saw my friend in the underpass and was masterbating in front of her he used faul words to address her Yes i have been sexually harassed. When i was coming home from my college. A man who is setting near to me trying to touch my sensitive parts. A friend of mine had sexually harassed in the bus,though the seat of other bus was vacant that old guy sat near by her and keep on touching her intentionally then she didn't want to create a scene and get off from the bus though it wasn't her stop. i got on a packed bus and taking advantage of the situation started pushing his elbow towards me intentionally the vehicle was packed so a women sitting sitting next to me had complained that a man on her side was frequently touching her arms knowingly Once i was travelling one drunk man was totally stuck with a lady. I felt so uncomfortable but unfortunately that lady was so silent,she didn't raise her voice.I felt myself unable to help her. yes i have been through sexual harassment several times in my life. when i was going office i felt that some guys were knowingly touching my body parts. i am +2 student so when i was going to college, i have to ride public vehicle. i had a feeling that some of the guys were trying to touch my body parts. i was travelling to imadol due to some work some guy knowingly touched my breast One day when i was travelling to home in bus.It was really pack and a guy next to me touched and try to grap my hand. Someone groped my butt while I was trying to get out of the metro. Street harassment on auto stand  at hospital road kollam juction. Now near our house musing public . Sexual harassment. once a girl was coming from her office and 4-5 boys surrounded her.they started teasing her and were trying to physically damage her. I was walking on the road and a bike came behind me and they pulled my hand while they were driving. It was a full road chain snatching #NAME? eve teasing one day i was travelling in metro with my friend in the afternoon then one or two persons came and started commenting on her A group of boys commenting on girls touching and also facial expressions Whistling one day when i was going to my college a man try to touch me in bad intensions At a time I was going to Dadar. I was standing at Kandivali station and was with my relatives so I had to go in the general compartment. At that time a man touched my body very horribly which I did not like. Harassed at Borivali Harassed at Dharavi Touched and groped at Ghatkopar in the evening I was touched and groped at Ghatkopar in the night. Once I was walking towards home and at byculla station one man called me. One of my friends was with me. We both went to him and he was telling about us - what is going on in our life and about our future. So I went with him and my friend left for Kurla. The man took me to Kalyan and then he was doing mischievous behaviour with me.  I was feeling unsafe so I ran away from there. Travelling by bus from Peddar Road to St Xavier's college. Was sitting on the ladies' seat, crowded bus, a man was pushing himself onto me so much so that I could feel his sexual organ on my arm. I was walking across the platform and there was enough space to walk past me but this well suited man touched my breasts and then walked past. I didn't even realise it.

Charni road station, Platform 2 Chakka spanked in the train In the train, a man groped my penis. I slapped him and he said &quot;You only touch me and then slap me&quot;

Between Dadar and Andheri Flicking of the penis while exiting from a crowded train. Truck driver touched or tried to sexual harrass me in Mira Road. Be we witness harassment almost everyday.

This happened on the highway opposite Thakur Mall on Dahisar highway at Mira Rd A drunk guy tried to harass in the moving local train. A man high on drugs/ alcohol came ahead and touched me inappropriately amidst the crowd at Kurla station. He was stopped and beaten by another guy. But he still had the audacity to turn around and wink before he left. groped in a train between Bandra and Dadar. First class compartment This friend of mine was sitting in an auto rickshaw (sharing). for a long time she felt something poking her breast area. Assuming it to be the man's umbrella she kept quiet only to find out later that it was his hand all the while. She was shattered. My friend when travelling from train to Bandra was harassed by a drug addict and drinker and when she asked for help no one was ready to help. As it was a ladies compartment with 4-5 girls. He started abusing and touching her. Rickshawwala asked me to sleep with him. I was on my way to college and was going to the other platform to catch the next train. Someone groped my butt. I turned around but there was a rush and so many &quot;innocent&quot; expressions that I just left from the place.

Overfoot bridge at Kurla station Shangrila resort - groped by men when in a pool as I was hit by a wave and lost balance to drown A guy was yelling and physically assaulting a girl on the road at 1.00 p.m. I had to go downstairs and intervene to stop it. Told him that I would report him if he doesn't stop. What was horrid was that people were watching it happen and no one stopped it. One man yelled from his home on the second floor that he would call the police, but that was all. This kind of apathy is quite scary! Eve teasing There is Saturday market every week and lots of incidents of sexual harassment with girls and ladies Peeople touched also commented Someone groped me from behind There are many incidents but to be specific, in Metro Station (Rajeev Chowk) while I was waiting for my metro some people called out names and tried to grope me. Even few girls took my pictures. I was standing in the metro when someone touched my hand. His smirk told me that it was intentional. Touching and ogling Touching. A girl was walking with her hair clutched. two boys came on a bike and from the back removed her clutched. A teenage girl was going towards the metro station. A car caame near her and the boys sitting inside opened the window and gazed towards her in a very ackward manner. Then said &quot;lets go&quot;. At the time of bandh in Andhra Pradesh my sister and I were walking on the street which had no lights. Some boys riding on motorbikes tried to touch us and started commenting. Harassment in public bus. Harassment at a coaching class at Delhi. Even at Delhi High Court. Harassment on the metro feeder Stalking,ogling. I was at the Bandra fair with a group of friends both boys and girls and this guy pinched my ass really hard. By the time I turned behind he was lost among the crowd. I still have no idea who he was. A lady was groped right at Thane station. She was with her daughter. Her handbag was snatched after she was groped and pushed to the side.

Platform 1, Thane station. Someone felt my back at the Dadar station while I was climbing up the staircase. I stopped, shouted and slapped him. A guy brushed his elbow on my chest. Once on the beach while walking a man repeatedly came and clashed into me. I had gone along with a girl friend to watch One Direction 3D movie. The PVR boy who was giving the 3D glasses to us touched me and my friend inappropriately on our chests.

PVR Juhu We were at Crawford market and this photographer slyly took a picture of our breasts (focussed). We went and confronted him and he denied taking anything. We went ahead and checked his camera and found the picture and made him delete it. A friend went with a guy friend of hers for a party at night. He tried to force himself on her. I was in an auto with a friend and it was passing a crowded place. Someone put his hand inside and grabbed my chest and fled. We looked back to find the guy and saw the auto driver smirk. We immediatly left the auto. I was travelling in an auto and the auto was at a halt. A guy came and touched my chest and ran. Before I could realise anything had happened, he had fled. 3-4 men groping a girl who was alone. People around her rescued her but the goons escaped. I was on Dadar station main bridge and it was too crowded. A guy touched me inappropriately and I just yelled at him. There were a few cops on the bridge so they tried to help me but the people around were not cooperative so they could not find him. I was crossing the park near my house at 7 pm and there were a group of boys who were smoking and they started walking towards me and circled me and started teasing. I punched the guy closest to me and hit the other on his gut. Ran home and told my mother and we went to launch a complaint A guy passed comments on my friend and started singing an item song as she passed he felt it. One guy purposely bashed into me. I grabbed him and slapped him. While travelling from Colaba to Cumballa hill by bus, one man standing next to me unzipped his pant and flashed and started falling on me. I was sitting so then I made a noise. I slapped him and the conductor was forced to throw him out. A person touched me inappropriately at Vasai Station. I was groped and there was this unwanted touch by a guy at a crowded bridge on the Dadar station (Western Central connecting bridge) The usual ogling with their protruding eyeballs no matter what women wear. Harassed in Indore My friends and me went to Carter road and we were having some fun. Suddenly my friend noticed a guy taking pictures of us. So we went up to him and told him to show us the phone. And we found the pic, deleted it and slapped the man and walked off. We were at Crawford market, 3 girls and we were going into the market. There was this man with a DSLR camera around his neck. We figured that he was taking our picture because just before this incident we had a workshop/enrichment session which told us that men do take pictures and post it on forums and discuss the pictures. When we saw that man's camera he had taken pictures of the upper and lower body. I came to college in a cab. That day as I was coming to attend the 8 o'clock lecture in college, the taxi driver told me that I have a bug stuck to my hair. I tried to brush the bug off but he told me it is still there. So I told him to take it out but he just shoved his hands inside my Tshirt. Quite frightened, I shoved his hand away and got out of the cab as quickly as possibly.

This happened outside the gates of Sophia college, Mumbai Actually it is not a big matter to us because ladies are al ways feel abused simply when we travel in a public vehicle like touching ,pushing are regular problems. In our college some boys always touch our private parts and  we have so much mental and physical problem. Whenever I stand in the bus stop ,guys come and touch me and I can do nothing... Inappropriately touched during morning and afternoon rush hours at Kurla station. Inappropriately touched during morning and afternoon rush hours at Thane station. A very similar incident happened at bandra station when I was groped by a man while trying to climb the stairs from Bandra West. He groped me and mingled in the crowd. I was groped when I disembarked from the train at Dadar station from the general compartment. The man held both my breasts and pressed leading me shocked. I got down and shouted and tried catching him but he mingled with the crowd which just kept staring at me for shouting out abuses. I could run due to the crowd and the creep walked off. He was a remotewala man basically dealing with used stuff. This man used to come to our society to collect used stuff in noon time. It was one day when I was out near the corridor that this man passed by and suddenly down there he started undressing himself and he actually showed me his penis and gestured to me whether i wanted it.

Dadarkar compound, Tulshiwadi, Tardeo When we went to Rajasthan for a trip. When we went in a desert there were boys who were trying to take pictures of girls. The person following my sister and passed comments and tried to touch her.

Dongri from Sabu Siddique hospital to Shalimar. During the Diwali, 1 of my uncles has sexually harassed his friend's daughter when they were sitting in the pandal. He made the girl sit next to him, he touched her as if he is loving her. 3 people in a shared rickshaw. One next to me was an ISKON priest (the clothes showed it). For the whole 5 min ride his hands kept moving up my thigh. When one of the person got off the priest did not move away from me until I told him to do so.

This took place from Mira Rd to Shrishti Complex When I was in school one drunk man in public place touched my breast and pressed it. I froze and couldn't react to it. Now after thinking that I feel a little bad. Unfortunately there are more than one incident that happened. One of them was in front of the SOBO mall where a car started following us. My friend was groped and inappropriately touched on a BEST bus 287 I was harassed at Bangur nagar While I was walking home, a man walked towards me and actually slapped me on my body. When I looked at him angrily, he simply said sorry and ran away.

This was near Arab Gali, Two tanks, Grant road. Unwanted touching, staring, domestic violence A man in the bus sat behind me and inappropriately tried touching me. However, my friend and I did raise our voice and he was thrown out of the bus. Pinched on the breast at a water park in Mehsana, Gujarat I was in a crowded bus when this happened. My friend and I were sitting in the general seats on the left side of the bus. the man next to my friend sitting on the aisle side felt something on her shoulder. she turned to check what it was and it turned out to be a man with his erection, resting on her shoulder. This happened in the BEST bus 296 My friend was walking down a crowded station and this man passed her by and spanked her hard on her butt. She got so terrified, she ran away. one man tried to touch my back when walking on street. one of the person in public bus tried to touch me time to time one of my friend boyfriend always black mail her and try to have physical relation with her...... once when i was going back my home from office, one person tried to touche me with his arms...... one person tried to touch me on my private area on microbus..... sexual harresment to a lady who was travelling on micro bus.... one girl was touched by conducter .... i was touched by an old man in microvan .... Commenting and ogling At the work place - ignored at the time and later brought it to the knowledge of the concerned authority Got annoyed and ignored thereafter When I was a young lawyer and I commuted in crowded buses, I used to be pushed around and groped at. That was a really hard experience and I started hating travelling in buses. A guy was holding a chart he was intentionally touching me again and again. My friend and I were walking behind our colony when a man came to my friend and groped the waist. My friend was travelling by the metro when a stranger held her hand. After practice I was going home and a boy deliberately caught hold of my hand. Forceful touching in the train Groping and touching at Dwarka metro station He touched me inappropriately forceful touching outside school Someone pinched my breasts. Took place somewhere near NSP A boy offered me a ride to the metro station and then abused me. Several girls pressed against me in a crowded metro. i was in a park and a girl was sitting on a bench. A guy was trying to sit with her and trouble her. All the other people were enjoying the show. Overcrowded buses in Chennai. Male tries to grab and do embarrassing stuff and females put it as normal day to day things. Due to language constraints they pretend they don't understand when you confront them. NO one stands up.

This is on all public transport buses in Chennai Dirty stares, deliberate pushing and touching. Morning and evening at the stations. Inappropriate touching Groping at Saket i was walking to my car in a deserted parking lot, when a boy grabbed me from the behind and did unspeakable things. The salesman was ogling at me and tried to grope me. Groped at Shahpurjat A boy rubbed his penis against my backside I was standing in line, I was groped from behind at the IPU canteen. A girl groped my penis Chain snatching of a resident of Delhi Police Appartments. Someone was trying to get physical with me. The main intention was to distract me and steal my purse. I was standing in the line with my husband and young daughter and a family friend. A young college group pushed from the back and the person standing just behind pinched me. I slapped him. The policewoman and male police took charge later. Groping Yelling abuses or passing indecent remarks at girls. Touching them at inappropriate places. A lot of harassment takes place near this area. Girls are harassed and people roam around with knives. One of my friends was sexually harassed. While she was walking on the street the man felt her up. A man saw my friend in the underpass and was masturbating in front of her. He used foul words to address her. Someone pinched my butt on the metro. Staring unnecesarily, commenting wierd stuff. I was at the metro station when a guy came and hit my breast. I could not react at all. somebody touched me and teased me in public transportation. i have about 5-6 sexual harresment during office time. when i was going to college some one touched my hand. when i was visiting temple some boys turn by turn pushed and ran away. one of my friend was followed by group of boys and tried to pull her ..... one girl was touched by one boy in public transportation .she was feeling soo uncomfortable. when i was travelling in a bus. a man from behind staredc at me and when bus stopped that man came to me and touched me. i was touched by school boy. i was touched by a school boy in public transportation. i was touched by some boys at night in road. i got touched by boy in public vehicle. one boy simply touched my figure. one boy pulled me himself and scolded me for no reason. boy tried to touch one girl in public bus. boy touched one girl in public bus one person touched my sexual organs in public vehicle. one person touched my hand in bus when i was travelling to dolakha district. some street boys comment bad words and try to touch. one boy tried to touch in bublic transportation. in public vehicle one boy touched my body. some boys in ratnapark make facial expression and pushing . one girl showed me her breast and i scolded her. it has happened to one of my friend while we were travelling on a bus. i was touched in a public transportation by a boy. some boys teased me and tried to touch my body. A man came closer to me and grabbed my breast,i could do nothing at the moment.I felt trauma for months...couldnot travel alone.. Boy was continuously following me till I reached the metro station. He passed comments and also hit me with his hand. I was with a friend, two guys came on a bike and the person(pervert) sitting at the back touched my friend's butt. Teacher tried to touch. I was being stalked by two boys who after following me for about an hour tried to make conversation. On my refusal to talk to them they got hold of me. Luckily there were other people around. One day I was going to school by public transport. There was no space to stand and after sometime I found that a man was holding me from behind. I didn't know what to do. I pinched him badly and gave him a very bad look. one of my female friends was groped by a guy in metro while she was going to college My friend was going back home from college. She was in a rickshaw. A guy was driving alongside the rickshaw and was masturbating looking towards my friend. She was horrified.
evening 6 pm Inappropriate touching My friend had a primary teacher in her school who used to behave ackwardly. If students would complain he would beat them without any reason. A man came close to my friend in the bus and touched her private part. One night when my friend was travelling by auto, the driver took her to an unknown place, luckily she found help and was saved. A girl was stuck in the evening with her broken car. A guy approached her pretending to help. He happened to be a worst nightmare. A girl could see. A boy touched a girl's hand, she gave him a look and he move away. After sometime he grabbed both her hands and touched her butt. I was going to Shahdara metro station. On the way a man started whistling and passed cheap comments. In metros people touch and pretend as if nothing happened. i was touched in micro bus A drunk man tried to kiss a girl as she was passing by him. a teacher tried to touch when i was at classroom alone . there was a conductor who was trying trying to touch my body of a girl inside a micro bus. A friend of mine was abused and commented upon by a guy. When she did not respond he tried to touch her. it was very crowed . a person touched my back he pretended that it was an accident.. one person who was tottaly unknown to me touched my body from neck to waist ... a girl who came back from morning walk was harresed by an old man ...in the bridge one drunkerd touched my breast on public vehicle. in public transport a girl was misbehaved by some boys . two guys came in a huge bike and snached my neck chain..i could not recognize the number of bike because i fell down. one boy came and touched my body and ran away ..it was very painful one guy came to me and pulled me and tried to rape me. i was standing on bus stop and one guy came and attached his body on my back with me. i was sitting on a bus and a guy next to my seat showed penis by oppening pant. one guy put his hand on my shoulders and tried to touch my breast. someone het me on my butt on busy street the boys were drunk and commented bad on the women. and tried to rape the women. one half aged man tried to touch every where of a small girl on micro bus seat i was walking on footpath. one stranger followed me and tried to talk with me .i gave no response. the bus was too crowed .i was in the last seat of the bus.the boy sat on my lap and start touching everywhere.he even tried to follow me. i was at local bus .one boy tried to touch my belly and i shouted at him... gang of boys tried to touch me in public vehicle i was touched in body parts by some boys in public vehicle.a passenger came close to me and touched my butt. i know a girl who has been harresed .she was been harresed by her class mates.they used to call her by different names say vulgur harresed and did not let her to concentrate in class. when my friend was going to college she was touched and harresed by a group of boys some group of boys tried to touch my friend when she was going to market small gir;l haressed by an old man on local bus some boys on street tried to touch my friend when she was alone.. some boys came in bike and hit my back and ran away some people on the road has haressed college girl it was happened to me when i was travelling in a micro bus. some boys tried to touch me here and there some boys at basantapur jatra tried to touch me time to time around 6 pm evening i was returning home .i saw one man beating one girl and snatching her neck chain it has happened to my friend when she was returning from picnic some boys tried to harresed her....,. when i was returning to home from aunti house some boys in micro bus was commenting and touching me...... I was in the market with my family and a man actually groped my breast. The guy tried to touch the private part of my friend. I was going to the market. A boy came on the bike and tried to touch me on my private parts. A group of boys were commenting and whistling while I was performing a play. (street play). While entering the subway someone was going up and my friend was going down. When  they crossed he groped her butt. Somebody was trying to touch me from the back. Tried to touch my breast with his elbow and hand My friend entered the lift where an old man was already inside. The old man tried to kiss my friend. physical abuse inside a bus by a middle age man there were 2 school girls moving on the way. a group of young boys were walking opposite side of the girls way. among them one boy was trying to pull their skirts. some random guy touched my friends breast and ran away while we were returning home from tuition. physical abuse, teasing and followed by a drunk man in a bus to home. as i warned him to call police he ran away. while travelling in a bus, one middle aged man tried to touch my breast. i felt so uncomfortable and tried to avoid him but he again harass me through his eyes and facial expressions. some occasions like JATRAS-indecent exposure, touching especially groping happens to woman in a mass from people with bad intentions. me and my friend were walking on a road. meanwhile a stranger guy touched her thigh and stomach very badly. a girl from her own family gets harass unknowingly.her brother in law call her to meet him and she meet him but his behave was so dreadful that he started kissing and doing naughty, silly things which makes the girl feel very bad. she cant raise her voice because of family prestige. sexually harassed in a school by her own teacher. teacher used to touch her private areas and abuse her sexually. while travelling an old guy nearly my fathers age sat next to me. when the bus started, he started to talk at his phone. i had a bag on my lap. suddenly my thigh sense someones touch but i thought it was just my bag. but as i reached my destination &amp; took my bag off my lap, there was his hand on my thigh. while i was heading towards college, a married man sat to me touches my sensitive organs of my body. initially i ignore it but as he action repeats i asked him to stop it. physical abuse(holding breast) inside bus. nobody did anything to help me. it was so painful. physical abuse(Grabbing boobs) while walking,
emotionally weak for several weaks while walking in a road, a man came near to me and grabbed my breast. i slapped him and he ran away. a man came closer to me and touched my thigh slowly while i was traveling in a bus. i then suddenly changed the seat. it was a summer afternoon, i was walking in the street. 2 boys on a motorbike were coming towards me from opposite direction. one of them touched my lower front part of my body. one day while i was going for a college at morning time, a man of age 30-35 was misbehaving with me and using vulgar words to me. as per my guess, a man of nearly 30-35 was pushing me to the left corner and trying to touch me. physical abuse in a public vehicle by touching my front part of body. i immediately threw his hands off and he seems drunk too. while walking back to my home, a guy coming towards me on a bicycle touched my breast and went away. i was so scared and embarrassed at that timee. physical abuse inside a public vehicle. it is about my friend who was sexually abused by her own father. her father comes close to her when there is no family members in a home. facial expression, touching etc by the gang of boys. taking pictures without my permission and even trying to touch me. sexual abuse in a public vehicle sexual abuse while returning home from college in a narrow road. a 16 yr old boy announced to his class that he was going to rape her teacher, while other female teachers have complained about being touched on the bottom and breast, with one even saying that she was followed into the laboratory Inappropriate touching

evening 7 pm evening 7 pm I was walking to my car in a deserted parking lot, when a boy grabbed me from the behind &amp; did unspeakable things
night 9 pm A boy rubbed his penis against my ass
Hauz Khan Metro Station

afternoon 1.30 pm As I was standing in line, I was groped from behind

IPU Dwarka Canteen
afternoon 2 pm A girl groped my penis

evening 7 pm evening 6 pm night 8 pm The salesman was ogling me and tried to grope me in DLF Emporio

evening 7.30 pm afternoon 1.30 pm I was coming back home from my coaching class when suddenly someone on a bike held my hand and increased the acceleration of the bike. I was travelling on the metro, heading to college. A guy next to me tried to come closer and even gave some indecent looks. I was walking on the Street when a man suddenly grabbed my breast and ran away. He was nowhere to be found when i wa s travelling for college in a bus ...one person comming near and touching my body part in a bus commenting .spaeking bad words and trying to touch eve treasing .wistles.saying unnecessary stuffs and some time touching when i was walking in a crowed road a teenager boy came near me tried to dash looking froim top to buttom and commenting .teasing. wistling in a group the girl was being sexually behaved by touching her body.the girl cried soo much i was travelling through bus .one girl was forced and harresed by a boy on the bus an old ,man showing his body part to a small ghirl surrounded by men and was tried to touch and mobile phone was robbed my friend was on the scooter ...some boys followed and tried to grab her forcefully during indrajatra someone grabbed my back when i was 5 years on the local bus one man touched my organs several times a person kept on pushing me from behind on a public bus while there was so much space for him to stand a girl was sitting and a boy was trying to touch and gave an expressions so she slapped him. In the micro bus when i was travelling with my sister .one man tried to touch my sister . on the swimming pool the boys trying to make a situation to touch our body parts pinched in a breast in goverment office boys wistlind and commenting and trying to touch body parts it happened to my friend while she was on the public bus.one man came and ask her the mobile number and tried to touch on sensetive area it happened to my friend while she was getting on a micro.a conductor tried to touch several times by making excuses of moving back it waj happen to my friend .when she was travelling on the bus. wistling in the street.trying to diss in the street.clicking pictures.trying to hold hands. trying to touch in different body parts and teasing in public areas pushing in public vehicle ans eve teasing touching private intensionally In a crowded bus, I saw a man pinching an unknown lady. I was riding a scooty. Other men in bike touched and hit my back part. A man intentionally pushed me away in the bus and acted as if he did not do it knowingly. I was walking. A man from opposite side grabbed my breast and ran away. I could not do anything. In one of the festival of newars, I saw a live harassment to the girl by group of boys. They were touching here and there part of the girls I have been victim of sexual harassment when I was walking by the road. A man in bike hit my hips badly and went away. In my school, a teacher always punished girls although they did not do anything and sexually harasse them. I saw a man teasing and trying to be close to the lady inside a public bus. One man tried to touch in private areas but I pushed that person away and ran. Group of men pushed me while walking and they even tried to touch my private part. They passed very bad comments to me. A man touched be in a festival of indrajatra. tHe man himself was police. I saw a man touching a girl's private part inside a bus. Inside a tempoo, one man touched my body as if he did not know it. I was sexually abused in a concert. An unknown person grabbed my breast so tight. I was so afraid. I was walking in the road. A man came and touched my waist tightly and went away. A man physically abused me by touching my breast inside a bus. when I was crossing a road in buspark area, a man came and touched my chest so tightly. It happened all of sudden. A man intentionally touched my chest inside a bus when bus was very pack. I could not do anything because the man looked so fearful. Inside a microbus, I was touched by a man physically and I became so nervous. In the crowd of newroad, one person pinched my chest and went away. I did not even notice who did it. A man came near to me and touched in my breast inside a public bus. I was returning home from my tution classes. Two boys came in bike and hit me in my chest really hard. I shouted at them while they drove away. Since there was none around, I walked fast and they again came. I was so afraid but then I met an elderly woman and asked for her help.Later, the boys ran away. when returning from tution classes two boys on the bike came and hit me on my chest and i shouted on the way to my home a drunk man pushes me from back when i was going to temple one man came and pushes me .. while walking on the street bus while walking on the street physical touch on the way back home by bus He is my respectable elderly relative and everytime he meets me he touches my back portion as if he is massaging and hugs me ..as if he is caring me...I don't like that I went to meet a famous &amp; a well known philanthropist  at his office who is also a journalist... as I was a big fan of him.He took me to his office guest room and forcefully hugged and kissed me as if he is just doing very nice job...I felt so ashamed to meet him...I couldn't do anything ...so i did nothing n left the place.. the place was very crowded because of the festival of Newar community called Jatra and a man touched me very harsly.. It was the shivaratri and all the street was full of crowd.And in the crowd one guy pulled and touched the back portion of my friends body.At the same time I pinched at his home and he went away. Harassment during school trip by a male friend. My sister was in a public van when a man tried to touch her thigh and hips.In swimming pool some boys touched my cousin on the breast. As I was walking through the crowd in patan, I found someone touching my body.It was crowded as there was some feasting festival going on. once i had to take a micro bus arround 5:30 to 6:30 .the micro conductor touched my breast.how ever i screemed at him.. touching in infinite area while passing by bus (i gave him a good beating) pushing to girls
teasing girls by ringing horns
pussing comments
trying to touch knowingly Yes,it was happened to me while travelling in the micro which was too packed and that idiot person was trying to touch in the sensitive part and that was too embarrassing moment. a girl took a lift with her brother and got harassed in bicycle. a 12 years old girl was returning her place around 6 oclock. in the evening her brother offered her lift in the front sit after few minutes he touched her and massaged her breast saying that she will feel comfortable doing that. when i was at college a teacher tried to touch meand i stepped back so he left i had a relative of mine who touched me in a very indecent manner some time at back.of course it was disguished as a cute hug as elders give to young ones but that left me harassed. while walking on the street a guy in a crowded bus was rubbing against a female his body a stranger tried to touch my friend in her intimate areas a bus passenger trying to misbehave by touching intentionally i have experienced few sexual harassment when travelling in a public vehicle usually including men using foul words or trying to make contacts. a man tried to touch me i was travelling in the public transport where i happened to meet a guy trying to touch me in my private parts man between 30-40 tried to touch my private parts hiding his hands behind his bags. In the public bus, a guy was trying to grope my friends female parts. even when implying to stop he did not stop. I was travelling in the micro. A person was trying to touch a girl. it happened to my cousin. she was coming home from college. it was late and some guy try to touch her. Once a girl was spank in her butt while she was walking.She couldn't speak up and the guy smiled and walked away. A man tried to touch me inside the bus .... I was sitting opposite to that man.He was trying to touch on my hand and slightly trying to touch other parts as well. The victim was traveling in a bus towards her home when a man aged about 30 stands right behind the victim pretending to get down but grabs her chest, whispers in her ear that she is hot and immediately ran at the next stop. I was traveling in a crowded metro and was busy in my cell phone. Suddenly I felt something on zip of my trouser and I realized and elderly man was trying to unzip it. I moved immediately but coudnt say anything out of embarrassment A man patted my friend while she was walking near a park in the dark and ran away. He was on a bicycle. The man touched my butt when I was traveling in the bus A sheepish Looking guy felt my friends hands with his genitals in a crowded metro.

Noida city Centre metro station 3 guys tried to sexually abuse my friend A group of guys stalked me and my friend. Touching/ Groping eve teasing Stalking, Ogling - Seen and resisted When I was in 10th class, I was travelling to Delhi from himanchal, then the guy is trying to touch again and again Teasing in the bus and roads Deliberate touching claiming it to be because of the over crowding of bus. 

Bus Near Arjun Path While travelling from chandigarh to Delhi one elderly person was sitting next to me. After completing half of the journey he placed his bag on his seat, squeezing the space on his seat trying to sit closer to me. he was trying to put his hand on my waist and I had to shift to the end of the seat to avoid the harrassment. Case of sexual harassment done by group of young people in the metro train. Alleged victim raised the voice. A man touched my private body parts in a crowded place. I saw a girl wearing and walking in a road. A man stretched her skirt and went away. A man tried to become close to me inside a public bus and he even kept his hands in my thigh. My friend was touched in her breast by her uncle. A man came and pushed me by touching in my chests tightly. A man touched a body part while we were playing holi. A man tightly grabbed my thigh in a packed micro bus. My friend was harassed by her own boss at the reputed company. He kissed her forcefully without her will. A man touched my breast so tightly that I could not do anything. I felt so much of pain. Trying to touch here and there and trying to be close to me and commented on my dress up. A man touched my private body part in a public bus. Touching in sensible areas of my body. A man intentionally touched my chest while walking towards my shop. A man stared me very badly in a bus and tried to be close to me. A man was trying to touch a woman's body in a packed bus. I was physcically abused by a old man inside a tempoo. I was waiting for my college bus outside my home. Suddenly a man came in a cycle and touched my breast and went away, I could not do anything as it happened all of sudden. I was all alone in the bus and a group of boys were whistling and commenting me. They even tried to touch me. A guy tried to touch a girl's body in a crowded public bus. One man grabbed my breast badly in a packed bus and ran away from near to me. I saw that a girl was surrounded by many boys. She tried to escape but they did not allow her. Later, she screamed and those boys ran away. It happened last month with my friend. A man came near to her tried to be physical with her. When I was 14 years old, a man tried to touch my private body parts in the name of playing hide and seek. The streets were show crowd. My mom and I was walking. Suddenly, I felt that someone pinched my back part. When I looked back, None was there. I saw a man trying to touch a woman's breast inside a packed public bus. A man touched my thigh in a packed sit of a tempoo. An old man came near to me touched my private body part inside a tempoo. Some street boys came near to my sister and pulled her half pant and teased her badly. I was physically touched in my private parts at evening time in a crowded street of newroad. I was physically touched by a man inside a public bus. A man followed me until I got into the bus and he even sat beside me. Later he kept his hand in my thigh and tried to be close with me. I felt like so bad. 40+ more year old man tries to touch me while travelling form kathmandu to Banepa but i defend myself by pinching him by the hair pin. I saw it, one women was wearing short dress and suddenly, one old guy try to touch her tight. physical abuse on a public vehicle. physical abuse at store. A guy was trying to be physical with one of my friend in Nepal yatayat. A man use to follow us every now and then one day he touched my breasts and ran away Once one of my uncle who was a middle aged pinched my breast i heard lots of man saying bad and vulgar words in public place even tries to touch my body parts and whistles. A drunk man tried to touch my body. gang of boys tried to rape me while i was returning home during night time. however i managed to escape. I was alone at home. Later, my father came from office. He forced me and touched my breast. I cried a lot. physical abuse at bus by educated person during evening time. while i was walking towards my home, a group of adults use unusual words towards me. When I was going in college by local bus, a man sitting beside me tried to touch my breast. My friend was physically abused by her uncle. while travelling in a bus, the conductor of that bus whistles and take my pictures without my permission. i feel annoyed but cant do anything else. physical abuse by a conductor of a bus i was travelling. One girl was abused by her own boyfriend.He forcefully tried to touch her body parts and to have sex with her. I was walking in the street and a group of boys may be of age 20 were coming from opposite and when they were passing by me one of the guy intentionally hit me on my breast. took pictures without permission. physically abused in a restroom. Physical abuse in public vehicle to myself st night time when bus was very pack. My friend was touched in her private part by the man in a bus while she was travelling. physical abuse while travelling in a crowed public vehicle while returning form office. while shopping with my mom, we went to kurta store. the shopkeeper asked me to measure first to confirm the size. In this process he tried to abuse me by touching my private organ. then i got so angry and threw that tape in his face and scold him. A man tried to touch my breast and ass while I was standing in a pack bus. when travelling by bus from Pepsi cola to Ratna park some boys were saying bad words &amp; gestures which was annoying to me. In the bus, a man came close to me and touched my waist tightly. One man come close to me and touched my private body part. while returning home from work on a public vehicle, a man sitting next to me kept his hand on my thigh &amp; tried to get close to me. One man snatched the chain of my relative and tore her clothes. me, my friend &amp; her sister were walking in a road in the evening just to get fresh air. suddenly two bikes passed away, hitting hard on the ass of my friends sister. the person sitting behind the bike did that . One day I went to meet a senior person whom I respect as an uncle at a restaurant and at that time when none was there he tried to kiss me and touch my private parts. I could not react as of the public place and respect for him so I felt by fast from there. one morning my friend was going to college. At Ratnapark sky bridge, she encountered with a man who suddenly grabbed her breast. And he walked away as if nothing happened. When me and my friend were walking, we saw two boys following a girl. Later we saw that one of the men hugged the girl from backside and she shouted loudly. After that, she ran fast and informed the policy nearby. One boy at the evening time, touched my private body part while walking. A random guy touched my breast while i was walking by the roadside. This incident took place on 17-09-14 around 2-4pm at the metro station.
My friend usually get harassed on daily basis on this station.I would like safe city to take initiatives to stop this.It is very unsafe (Please) This incident took place less than 1 month ago during the evening at the metro station.
A person in metro attempted to touch private parts by behaving as if he accidentally hit it. This incident took place three months ago during the night at rooster pub.
A man in his late 40's in Indian  clothes sat in the corner and ogling at the girls who were there.He was passing lewd looks and comments to his minors. It happened in the past,sexual harassment in metro where a man started stalking so badly,I was feeling bad. The incident took place at satya palace street during evening.
There was this day when I was coming from my tuition and a guy on a cycle whistled and passed a comment. My friend had gone to her college fest.While there were programs going on various guys came and surrounded her group on dance floor.They started passing comments and then groping and touching. A guy on a bike tried to grope the breasts of the girl sitting next to me on a rickshaw. The girl was going for her coaching,then some boys clicked her photograph and ran away by touching her private organ. Nearby this place of clock tower,there is kamla nagar market where oftenly girls go for shopping , on that very day two boys from the roadside came and started passing bad comments on the girls nearby by momo corner and pushed a girl while passing that place. Teasing at times in buses and teasing and harassment of transgneders. People comments, trying to touch I was 15 years old,was going to attend a fare in the city.On the way i was hit by a stranger on my hips. I was 10 or 12 years old, while going to a shop a stranger asked for some help and told me to hold his bike as he had to do something in his bike.I was a kid so i could not understand his intentions.Then he suddenly slid his hand under my frock,I got scared and ran away. My friend who was harassed by a 30 year old man who touched her The touching happened during the day time at the market where it is always crowded and I couldn't identify the grabber. It was &quot;hard to tell&quot; if it was made on purpose or not. But I knew it was never an accident. I was living as a foreigner in Jodhpur, Rajasthan for 3 months. All together I faced many sexual harassment situations and this is a summary of them.

Once I was walking in the evening and a boy passed me by a bike and squeezed my breasts for a moment while passing. The same happened to my friend as well.

Once a random boy on the street started to follow me when I was walking and he was asking to hold my hand and hug me. 

Staring and commenting was everyday stuff. Many times whistling happened and I was also shouted &quot;I want to fuck you&quot; in public. 

Always when I went somewhere people tried to take photos of me, both men and women. It is ok if it is asked but very few ask for permission and also many times they want to have a photo with me and it is ok if there are also women but I don't want to be in photos with only men. I was in jaipur for a family holiday shopping in the local markets of jaipur when I felt somebody squeeze my butt. It was broad daylight in a crowded market place and I was wearing full skirt and a proper t-shirt so I wasn't even &quot;indecently&quot; dressed. I then turned around and slapped the guy but what I regret is that in all that frenzy it didn't occur to me to report it. Once whilst walking on the road it was almost dark and I was alone. Suddenly a guy came and pressed my breast. It was a shock and I could not retaliate instantly. Guy touching girls back, making use of crowd in platform after train arrival.

It happened at Thane station platform As the auto we were travelling in slowed down before Borivali west railway station signal we spotted a man walking very close to the auto only to walk behind it and put his hand inside the auto to touch probably by intention of snatching the purse. The traffic started moving and within seconds he was gone. We were too shocked, froze and couldn't react to what happened at that instant. When i was in rush and trying to catch a train near Virar west railway station, a boy just came in front of me and banged on me. As i was in hurry to catch the train.. he just tried to take advantage of that situation. But his luck was not that good. I stopped there and give him a tight slap. But he was so arrogant, i twisted his palm and shouted about taking him to police station, that time he realized.. and become panic. But i don't want to just waste my time on him so i left him behind and walk way for my day. A woman was molested at Thane railway station.When she slapped her molester, the guy pinned down her hands causing injuries to both her wrists. When she cried for help, no one stepped forward to help her, instead the men surrounded the woman and demanded to let go the molester. These men are probably working in gangs and come together in defense when one of them gets caught. I commute to Kurla from Kharghar daily and some perverts get on the train from Mankhurd and Govandi who not only pass lewd comments to every girl on the station. They do not differentiate between teenage girls or a woman in her late 40's their comments are alike and quite disturbing and fellow commuters say nothing to them. They get down at Kurla and then they start taking their chances while getting on the railway bridge. They always try to grope woman in pretex of crowd and other male passengers chose to ignore even after looking at the shameless act.I strongly feel that there should be separate bridge at all stations for women. This incident has happened to me twice while I was inside an auto which had halted at a signal near Borivali station right below the sky walk. I was unable to see the men both the times as they would swiftly move when the signal opens and cross the road quickly and hit on the breast on the woman seated on the outer side of the auto. Not much can be done as the auto would move away as the signal is green and you are stranded with hurt and humiliation Hi, The following incident has happened twice with me while walking back home. I was walking in the lane adjacent to kasarvadavli naka leading towards Thane Muncipal Garden side between 8 to 10 pm. Boys passing towards the direction I was walking stopped by..checked me out right on my face and drove ahead. I gave a firm rude look but did not get into verbal fight as the lane was not lit. there were very few people passing by. The most surprising thing... I was dressed in Salwar Kameez on one occasion. Alert One - There is a cheap liqour shack prior Haware residential Project via the lane i was walking...the boys were heading in the same direction which means they either belong to the slums nearby or were heading to chill out at the liquor shack. Alert Two - The place ahead of the liqour shack is deserted ... I have noticed rickshaw drivers and other local boys frequenting this place. Liqour is consumed in open.....I have seen it. The road gets spilt in two directions one to haware proect.. the other heads to a valley like place which is deserted....police needs to have their presence felt here.... Alert Three - These lanes are half lit and some spots completely unlit with street lights Please do something asap about this before a rape / crime takes place. The nearest police station is kasarvadavali police station. many thanks for this website.... Once I stuck my finger up to the perpetrator when he insulted me with a lewd remark and a dirty gesture and that was when I was punched, which I reported to the police. I have lost count of the number of times someone has inappropriately touched me in the city centre and how many times they have looked perplexed when I have not reacted gratefully I feel scared while using the sky-walk, because of the way the men shove you while you are on it. A man followed me and seeing that there was nobody around he touched me and walked away. I had a scary experience at the theater premises today. I was waiting for my friend at Sahakar theater, Chembur. A man standing behind my back, pinched at my bottom and ran away. I was left with a miserable feeling. When I would travel by the 271 bus I often experienced of men try brush against me and stare at me. The worst thing is that there are two - three conductors who always try to touch women and they purposely hold the hand of the women when handing over the ticket. This happened with me more that four or five times. Have often experienced men taking advantage of crowded place, they brush through women's body, touch women in an inappropriate way and all these has been experience by me and my friends. I was walking home and a young man just slapped my bum as he passed by me. I was freeze, no comment or anything else and he ran. ek baar main family ke sath mahalaxmi ja rahi thi to ek admine mere brest pe hath mara, tab main bahut dar gayi thi aur gharvalonko bhi nahi bata payi One of the entry/exit bridges of Malad station starts/ends near a men's public toilet. There is always a crowd of men standing there and also the path to the main road has a kind of a compound and during mornings or evenings there are boys and men standing there staring at every girl passing by, passing comments, making weird facial expressions and posture, singing songs, brushing against women as they pass by and so on I take bus from andheri to ghatkopar. Though, i sit on a ladies seat, while getting down the bus. The men actually touch and try to lean on many women. I think why don't the BEST conductors on the bus allow women to get down from the specific door and all men from the door at the end of the bus. Or atleast they should keep strict vigilance when passengers are getting off the bus. I am a college student, one boy approached me and proposed to me. I ignored him but he started sending me sms and giving blank calls on my cell phone. I went home but he came there too, i was surprised to see that he was standing outside my building. I ignored but he followed me to my college also. This has been for past 3 days and now i am really scared that he will throw acid on me. Please help. Should i tell this things to my parents? I don't want to get in to unnecessary hassle. Today while i got into a crowded bus, a man tried to grope me. through out the day i just kept thinking, y didn't i react to the situation. I ride a scooty to travel around. i would feel earlier that maybe if I ride a scooty I would not be eve teased as much, clearly I was wrong. Recently during the Ganesha visarjan I noticed men staring at me, taking the excuse of traffic and trying to get close to me and my friend who was with me. Not just this even on normal days I find rickshaw drivers staring at me when I wear skirts and rise or even if I'm wearing an Indian wear they still stare. Once on a lonely road a car was driving behind me and kept honking even though the road was empty. I was standing at the station, waiting for train to arrive and I notice a man brushed through me. I felt very uncomfortable I was heading to office during an afternoon time. A man walking from opposite direction walked towards me and he passed a very dirty sexual coloured remarks, I reacted immediately and yelled on him. He argued back and came to hit me, I pushed him back and left. There were few commuters around, but none of them intervene or offered help. I tried looking for police/home guard, but none of them were around. Received unwanted sexual attention at a house party by a man (extended relative). Could not even react. I was walking with a friend in south Mumbai and a man brushed past us. We turned back and created quite a scene. Man crossed the road and started ignoring!! My friend witnessed this incident at local railway station in a crowded place. she was waiting for me and she realized a man standing behind her was trying to ejaculate on her dress from behind. The moment she realized this, she turned around and hit him hardly, the man pushed her back and ran away. kbar main shyam ke wakt market mai ja rahi thi tab vaha bahut bheed thi, tabhi mere piche ek admi chal raha tha usne mujhe gandi tarike se chua I was travelling from Chembur station to Kurla station to take the train going to Dadar. I was in the middle ladies compartment and as soon as the train halted at Kurla. I started walking towards the platform and since the train had just come the foot over bridge was really crowded. There was one man walking behind me, and he touched me. The moment i realized that he touched me I turned back and screamed at him and shouted in hindi ki haath kyu lagaya? he was embarrassed but nobody bothered to intervene. I think there has to be some police protection given at kurla station as they are always crowded because of rush from central and harbor line. instances of men harassing us are so common that we have taken them in our stride on the platform. they stare, touch us, pass lewd remarks on girls/women and this act of theirs is done deliberately. I was placed for field work form my college at Raey Road. The place on the whole is unsafe. There are mostly men on the roads and very few women. They keep staring at girls as they walk through the lanes, roads, markets, etc. they even pass comments on them and try to come close; very close. every day this bridge is too crowded,cannot walk properly on office times in morning and daily some men or the other take advantage by touching women. not a single police personnel is there to look what is happening? its continuously happening there, sometime there lights don't work on the bridge its too difficult to walk in dark on this bridge. whenever we sit , men mostly those who are middle aged, tend to brush themselves against us. when told to stay far or keep distance, they say that it's because of the crowd. many of them even argue or shout back. they rub their private parts against the girls shoulders, especially college going girls because they don't react or speak. they also give a dirty smile when looked with anger. These are the one sentiment echoed by all the visually challenged women, that we feel unsafe while traveling in the handicapped compartments of local trains, when men often try and touch us inappropriately. We are glad at-least on this website we can express are bad feeling towards this sexual harassment that we faced almost everyday when we travel in local trains of Mumbai. We colleagues meet at this walkover at andheri east towards talao pali. Of late there r minor girls who touch and pass lewd remarks to people. These girls r accompanied wid male counterparts who watch these incidents frm a distance. They use foul language and bad words.i do not know the night scene but this happens throughout the day Watchman of Liberty building Tiwari seems to be a child abuser. Feeling children and forcibly kissing. We choose to remain anonymous, this is from an observation. Narrow bridge on the parel station, heavy crowd trying to climb up/down provides a merry ground for stalkers/eve teasers. Two men who were trying to share a rickshaw with me. When I said I would like to sit at the exit, the men started saying they would like to sit near me. Thankfully the auto driver did not allow them to board the auto Touched and harassed at dadar station. had to use this subway yesterday at 5pm, was walking with my son, it was very embarrassing, two older men, kind of beggars, made gestures and exposures. Auto drivers and even other pedestrians stand occupying the whole skywalk with the intention of groping girls or women that try to pass them Strict action must be taken to control these imbecile and insolent freaks who think they can behave as they please with women, forgetting that it was a woman who gave birth to them. Physical and verbal abuse at Madanpura near Mumbai central station. I'm a 21 years old college going girl living in Sion. It is very difficult and a scary affair almost everyday, anytime of the day. The most dangerous place is exactly outside the station where there is the underground bridge (subway). Most of the time there is no light at all in this dark underground. Besides this, after exiting from the underground bridge and as you walk towards Shivar Guest House, there are always huge groups of men, including shop keepers sitting all along the wholesale clothes shops going towards the BMC Quaters, who not only make lewd remarks, they also make sexual remarks, and sometimes even attempt unwanted contact. Worse cases have been witnessed but no action has ever been taken. This is just not a fixed group, there are always gangs at this entire area and specially at nights, the lane towards Laxmi baug and the BMC Quarters has a lot of mini ladders where these gangs sit as soon sun sets, and the number increases as time passes and it becomes worse at nights. Visit to Palika Bazaar, the AC shopping market was terrifying for me and my friend as women. the place is filled with men.The shopkeepers pass lewd comments, men try to come close and feel us, there was a group of boys (tourists) who came so close to touch me that i had to threaten them with a call to police. there are no police men/women inside the market to make women feel safe. I am never going to enter the market again. My cousin brother is harassing when he comes at home. He tries to pull me towards him and once also tried to kiss me. He is also married. I told about him to my parents and even sisters. My parents took it casually but sister told them to take a stand. But it is very tough to talk to him about it as he is a family member. i was wearing shorts at Thane station, standing near the police desk, aware that something might happen. A man passed by me and tried to pinch my thighs. My college president, a 50 year old man took the power of his authority over me and my friend. Touched at all possible personal areas of my body. Some guy just rubbed his hand over my butt and one of the other times tried to look inside my top.

This happened at the subway near the CST station because it is dark. Lewd comments at Vashi bus depot an old person was trying to touch me in inappropriate places. This happened in a bus near Juinagar station Was going to catch a train. Middle aged man tried to feel me which ended up with him getting a piece of my mind. A person in the train once tried to hold me. As there was a lot of crowd I couldn't help just change the place from where I was standing. I could feel a boy's erection when travelling in a MHRTC bus Got stalked for a few days by 2 people. I was in a shared autorickshaw. The person who was sitting next to me was trying to elbow me in the stomach. Later he tried to slide his hand under my thigh. I told him to take his hand away and sit in front. Catcalls and touching have happened with me and a friend of mine Commenting and stalking have happened too. My ass was pinched by the same guy twice within a span of 3 mins. And all this while I was waiting for a rickshaw. This was at the Kurla station, right opposite the bus stand. I was on my way home and a guy just followed me and asked me to make friendship. I started running and he too started running behind me. Then he scanned my whole building searching for me. As I go to college in Bandra, Carter Road, there are many college going students who comment on firls all the time. And they even touch them and run on bikes.

This happens almost everyday. I was sexually harassed by the auto driver in the auto on my way to college. He passed comments and tried touching and catching my hand very dirtily. When I asked him to stop the auto and screamed, he refused and did it even more.

This took place between Juhu beach to Bandra Hill Road. Guys in a bus purposely stick their private parts to the girls. Very common on buses in Mumbai. A guy was indecently exposing his private parts even after knowing that there were girls all around them and would have noticed it.

This happened outside the Wadia college at the bus stop. Ogling and touching in the general compartment of the Dombivli train. A girl was not allowed to get out of a car. SHe was shouting and the driver drove fast and ran away. She was forced to remain in the car. This happened near Mini Seashore, sector 10, Vashi I was coming back home from a nearby general store and it was raining heavily. It was not crowded. A random guy asked me for my umbrella and tried to snatch it. I fled. A guy tried to touch inappropriately on a long distance passenger train from Mumbai to Kerala. During my bus travels between Panvel and SIon in an ST bus, this guy was rubbing his penis on my hand (I was sitting). I was busy talking to my friend and it took me sometime to realise what was happening. I started shaking uncomfortably and then he went away. I have been touched and groped several times - when I was in the 3rd std, 5th std and a few days ago. In the queue of the platform one man pushed and touched a woman very badly. That woman slapped him at that time. Platform 9 of Thane Railway station. One of my friends was molested in the crowd. This happened on No 9 bridge of the Thane railway station. Indecent gestures at Juinagar railway station I was groped at Bandra station by an old man. It seemed intentional. I saw it once in the train nearby Kurla. Guys were pushing a girl to go out of the train with wrong intentions. A person tried to grab me when I was walkng in the railway station. The station was very much crowded and conjested. So the people were actually walking very close to each other. Somebody pinched me when I was waiting for the train at Kurla station. Platform 7, Kurla Station. Once when I was travelling in a bus on the way to Alibaug, there was no place to sit. I was standing as some others were. I finally got a small space next to a man to sit and I sat as I was very tired.
But that man touched me very intentionally in a very wrong way and finally I had to change my position. I was kissed inappropriately by my family friend. My friend got groped from behind when travelling from CST station. Whilst travelling in the general compartment of a local train bound for Dombivli from CST, a man standing behind me pinched my bottom. When I looked back he pretended he was taking his cellphone out and what happened was an accident. It was definitely not the case. Was travelling on a train from Thane to Nerul when a guy started touching me. He tried to come to my intimate zone and he started touching my personal part. So then I tried to stop him and i left. Groping by 4-5 boys for money It was 2 o clock in the noon..  I was heading to my classes..  I have to change two buses to reach my classes..  I was in a hurry and moreover  i am new in the city..  When i got down the bus at the bus stop..  A bastard was walking in opposite  direction..  He came near me uttered something  and touched me down there in front of the public! It is ridiculous..  I cant believe it happened  with me..  I am in terrible shock This incident occurred 6 months ago but i still feel it was yesterday because the shock was too bad.

I was returning from my yoga class at 8 am. Normally I am with friends but that day I was alone. I walked past the church on the way home and 2 boys on a bike came towards me. They touched me and were staring at my chain and purse which I had in my hand. They could not snatch it at that time but they followed me and were staring at me.

I stood there for a little while and was looking at them. The boy in the pillion seat continued to look at me but then they went away. I started walking back home. As I reached the Hanuman Temple, 2 other boys came from the opposite side on the bike. They stopped the bike and the pillion rider asked me where is the hardware shop. I told them I didn't know and they could ask someone else. Very few shops were open at that hour and there were very few people on the road. They said it was ok and just started moving.

Suddenly the pillion rider grabbed my chain but fortunately he grabbed my dress instead and I used my presence of mind to lift my hand and hold onto my chain. My sleeve tore in the process and there were nail scratches on my upper arm. God saved me and my chain. They sped away on the bike.

It appeared that the 2 boys on the first bike and the 2 on the second bike were working together in tandem. Many such incidents have occurred on this road. Now there is a policeman posted opposite the church. I was behind the richshaw with my boyfriend and the driver was kind and fun and then he wanted me to try his rickshaw I didn't wanted but he insisted and I wanted to be nice by accepting.I sat close to him and he just grab the moment to touch my pectorals in a manner that &quot;he may thought I was going to accept because he was teaching me&quot; I had my kurta nothing was revealing, This  is terrible!! I was walking with my friend around 9-10 p.m. on North Main road, both of us covering our upper bodies with a scarf since it was cold.

A bike slowed down and touched my friend's breast, accelerated and stopped a bit ahead to look at his victim's face (gross), not enough for me to catch him (even though I tried and started shouting at him). I was alone with my mother walking during Holi in Udaipur, during our holidays, when several men approached us with colors, even though we insisted WE DID NOT WANT, they were about to put colors on my mother so I told them to do it with me but leave her alone.

Not only that, afterwards they hugged me on what I thought it was an innocent and true gesture of happiness and celebration, when I realised they kept one hand down to touch my breast.

Since then I have decided not to venture the streets during Holi. As I was walking in the small lane to cross in between two streets...a man on the bike came from behind and touched my back and sped away within seconds.I couldn't notice his bike number.
He has shaved his head.Didn't wear any cap. was groped while climbing the stair case of the house Navigating everyday is a challenge in Indian Cities. I have lived in Coimbatore, Mumbai, Varanasi and Bangalore and from the morning, every act is geared towards navigating the city. am i going to come home late today, what should i wear, do i have transport or am i using public transport, do i really need to stay out late. every day these are my thought processes. i guess as i am relatively old now, i have figured out ways of avoiding unsafe times and places, but the truth is that there is always a fear of getting raped. I used to experience other types of categories when I was younger, but am now a veteran in my own city - in the field of avoiding any such issues. 
But ogling, facial expressions and comments remain unchanged over the years.
In every other place i travel to, as I am not a local, I experience all the other categories of assault except rape/sexual assault. 
I have avoided rape over the years by simply NEVER being in a situation that could lead to it. 
One learns to LIVE like a prey animal in a WORLD full of predators. people takes advantage in overcrowded metros and buses.they passes lewd comments and groped. while walking for the platform a guy crossed by squeezing my butt.i got so angry and gave him a slap. mobile phone was stolen by a boy who was on a bike and ran  away without seeing whether how he had hurt that girl. auto guy seeing that i am alone in auto,took wrong route , saying its shortcut. later when i shouted and said i will call up police.he took the right way. the guys purposely touched me and ran away. guys try to touch me guys were making an inappropriate behaviour. guys were making an inappropriate behaviour. guys were trying to touch and also commenting. the guys was trying to touch me when i was leaving from my college there was a group of boys who were trying to show an indescent location. catcalls/whistles,commenting,ogling/facial expressions,taking pictures,touching/groping chain snatching,touching/groping calling a girl with vulgar languages and facial expressions. coming back from tuition and a boy tried to touch her. chain snatching,commenting,touching/groping,rape/sexual assault catcalls/whistles,commenting,ogling/facial expressions,taking pictures,touching/groping,sexual invites boys standing near the seats of girls making indecent expressions like touching,etc. Bus route-879 people commenting on girls specially on their dresses. group of 4 boys touching continuously even after telling them not to do so. Route no.-721,753,821,853 ogling/facial expressions,touching/groping,others Commenting, touching girls in a bad manner I was walking, someone tried to touch me in a bad manner Groping with inappropriate comments. Catcalls Commenting and bad facial expressions, taking pictures, indecent exposure, sexual invites i was travelling alone returning from select city walk two boys came towards me and they started touching my hands a guy was at a girl and was commenting catcalls/whistles,commenting,ogling/facial expressions,taking pictures,touching/groping,sexual invites Ogling, touching and groping two guys tried to block my path and tried to touch me Touching/groping in bad manner one man tried to hug a girl from behind. a girl was being touched over and over again when she got stucked in a crowd of men. a boy touched my rear part while i was with my friends at the trade fair. while i was having my eyes checked by the optician, he was trying to touch my neck. Girl was with her boyfriend and was continuously crying and the guy was hurting her hand badly.It happened in the evening It happens mostly in the buses.While coming from the college in DTC bus,one guy indecently exposed his private parts.That was really disgusting !
It happened in the afternoon. i was travelling in the metro and it was crowded, someone tried to grope my genitals. i was going to the market when a boy touched me. As I was standing to exit the bus, a man, either a conductor or passenger (he was wearing a leather bag that conductors primarily use) noticeably brushed his hands on my waist and butt, and when I asked what the fuck he was doing, he slithered off the bus. A biker took rounds on the road and then approached and touched.It happened in the afternoon. This incident took place in a movie hall in the afternoon.A guy was abusing his girlfriend physically.
I reported to the cinema authorities but no strict action was taken. Commenting,ogling and touching at kashmere gate metro station in the evening. This incident took place in the metro during afternoon. A guy standing next to me in metro was commenting on a group of girls standing nearby and was forcing his friend to ask her out. Touching inappropriately in metro during afternoon. Girl of other college got harassed in the morning. I was walking on the road at night.I suddenly felt someone's hand patting my butt.I screamed but he was on a bicycle so he ran away fearing action from passerby. It was done in the pubic bus in a very indecent way without any fear of public.It happened in the evening. Catcalls,commenting,touching and ogling at DTC bus at Bus stop in dhaula kuan during all hours of the day and night. Catcalls,commenting,touching and ogling at DTC bus at safdurjung enclave during all hours of the day and night. Harassment in buses(munirka) in the night. The girl was standing in the bus (munirka)and a person was falling on her,touching her here and there.It happened in the evening. Catcalls,commenting and touching during morning and evening in Bus(dhaula kuan to uttam nagar) Commenting and touching in the bus during evening. Touching/groping in the evening. In munirka,boys come there and ask for chain,earings etc.They don't listen to me.I called the police.Police came and 3-4 boys took them. Commenting,touching,pictures taken in DTC bus(Red AC bus) during evening. Catcalls,commenting,ogling and touching in the night. This incident took place near vasudha apartment in the evening.A boy was forcely pulling a girl and making her to sit on his bike. One girl was coming from her night shift and two boys on bike just pushed her and she shouted very loudly. I stay in Velachery area in Chennai. And when i walk near the bus stop, the guys comment about my chest. Last week a guy tried to touch me down there and ran away when i shouted and from far away he dropped his pants and exposed his butts and groin. It felt so uncomfortable. This incident took place in the train.While getting down the train,a man offered to carry my luggage. Then he was purposely raising his hands and touching me.It took me some time to know whats happening. This incident  took place in bus route 33(noida-bhajanpura).In the bus a man staanding behind me was falling on me in an uncomfortable manner. It happens during afternoon and evening. It happens during afternoon and evening. It happens during afternoon and evening in the metro. Boys of every age passing comments and cheap facial expressions and language near Govt. school. This incident took place at GTB metro station inn the evening.I was boarding a vehicle and a guy taking advantage of the crowd tried to grope me up. Some people used to stare in a very inappropriate way which is not tolerable.It happened in the morning and Night. This incident took place near Khalsa college in the afternoon.
It usually happens while travelling in bus from the college to hostel and vice versa. One guy tried to touch me when I was with my parents at chandni chowk market in the afternoon. It happened in the afternoon at kamla market.It was very uncomfortable for me and people around me were oblivious to it. It happened in the afternoon in the metro.It was very uncomfortable for me and people around me were oblivious to it. It happened in the afternoon in the E-rickshaw.It was very uncomfortable for me and people around me were oblivious to it. A boy,who is a stranger for me and my friend,he touched my friend and used  bad words.It happened in the evening. Staring and by making indecent expressions and touching and all.All this happens generally in Metro and Buses.Even if you just pass by the bus stands in the evening,you might be the victim of inappropriate comments and all. It happened in my bar in the night where the stupid guy tried to touch my ...
But I slapped him instead. Whenever I go outside the hostel,I face such kind of harassment everywhere and every time.
It happens everywhere outside college and hostel. Whenever I go outside the hostel,I face such kind of harassment everywhere and every time.
It happens everywhere outside college and hostel. Whenever I go outside the hostel,I face such kind of harassment everywhere and every time.
It happens everywhere outside college and hostel. It happens in the cinema halls during evening and night. It happens in the metro during evening and night. It was around December 2013 in the afternoon.Somebody grabbed my bum from behind. Couldn't figure out who he was when I turned around(Metro station crowd. It happens at the metro stations in the afternoon. in the afternoon. I was shopping with my friend and a random guy took my picture and then ran away.It happened in the afternoon. This incident took place at rajiv chowk metro station on 24th dec 2014 in the evening.The guy was pinching me. This incident took place at rajiv chowk metro station in the afternoon.There was this guy who was just behind me.He pinched my ass and then gave a shitty smile. This incident took place inside metro feeder in the evening. He just came and sat next to me and was trying to touch my back again and again. This incident took place at rajiv chowk metro station.I was inside the metro and a boy pinched me very badly on my waist.So,I hitted him back with my sharp hair stick. This incident took place on 6th jan 2014 at Rajiv chowk metro station in the evening,I was at CP and was sitting at a lonely place and a guy walked upto me and he wanted to engage in a conversation. This incident took place at my hotel(P.G).
I was in a deep sleep and all of a sudden I woke up early in the morning at 6:30.I caught one of the working male staffs in my room pulling my night suit and then I called the owner to get him out of the hostel. Touching/groping in metro in the afternoon. People in the metro just try to push you and touch you.It happens in the afternoon and evening. Chain snatching,commenting and touching in the evening. Touching/groping,sexual invites and pictures being taken in the evening and afternoon. harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment The guy was on his scooter!! A man touched me and grabbed my ass when I was getting on the train. I screamed and hit him in the face. harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment harassment i was returning home from the metro station when two boys on a bike touched me from behind. before i could do anything, the sped away. the market area is very crowded and we can not stop going there. men and boys there will pass us by and touch us and will make excuse that they dont have enough place to go. they also comment on us. once i was in a mini bus and a man tried to touch me and was doing unusual activities. a man first commented on me and then he tried to touch me. Some men started commenting on me and my friends. Then they tried to come close and touch us. And i think they took our pictures also. This incident took place at rajiv chowk metro station in the evening.
It mostly happened all the time when metro reached the station.Most of the men misuse that movement and touch private parts. some guys walk in scorpio cars and try to kidnap girls...poor lighting after 7 pm Commenting and touching/groping in DTC bus in sector-8 in the afternoon around 2pm. touching/groping in the afternoon. in the bus. in the bus. it was really terrible. it was really terrible. humiliating it was really terrible. buses plying via rangpuri route it was really terrible. Touching and commenting in DTC bus route-140 during evening. it was really terrible. Touching/groping in the morning. it was really terrible. Touching/groping in the morning. Someone touched me in the afternoon. touching/groping in the afternoon. I was touched/groped in the afternoon. in bus towards pragati maidan. it was really bad. returning from college, two boys make indecent noises in front of my face and went away. i was waiting for my friend near college. it was really bad. it was really bad. in bus. it was really bad. it was really bad. DtC buses are pretty crowded and such incidents keep happening, the only problem is that since the buses are crowded, one cannot say if that was done intentionally or accidentally. Bus going towards sec 18 it was really bad. at railway station. that day there was rush in metro and i wass with one of my friend, one guy touched my back and i felt so uncomfortable and scolded him. Catcalls,commenting,touching and others in the buses. Catcalls,commenting,touching and others in old delhi. Catcalls,commenting,touching and others in the area. We were going to tot on foot and a group of guys on bike harassed us. Catcalls,commenting,touching and others in the area. in the shared auto while going to sec 12/22. while standing in queue it happened. a friend of mine was touched by her coaching friend. a young boy sharing cigarette with a girl and touching her back and hair forcefully driver of the auto tried to touch me and then at that spot i got down. while i was in rickshaw my back was tried to be touched. i was going to lodge FIR in the nearest police station due to misplacement of my ID on my way a guy came held my hand and went Catcalls and touching/groping in the evening. the guy touched me. Catcalls and touching/groping in the evening. a boy touched very precious part of a girl intentionally at Ramjas Fest a boy was touching a lady. two boys were misbehaving with my friends one guy purposely touched me and ran away. guys were trying to touch me and making different facial expressions around evening. it was really bad. it was really bad. during the dusshera fest, i was tried to be felt. passerby touch us and cars even follow us. it was really bad. it was really bad. it was really bad. Buses heading to this place are not safe. Buses approaching to this place is highly unsafe. After 8-9 pm, outer area of greater noida is very unsafe. Inappropriate groping in crowded metro.It happens at all hours of the day and night. I was returning home from my workplace in the evening and a drunk guy was intentionally trying to fall upon me.Later,when he saw police nearby he got scared and went away.It happened near rohini west metro station. Whistling near new delhi metro station.Alot of drunkyards in that area. it happens quite often during afternoon and evening.
Also,touching inside the metro happens alot. Biker passed a comment and asked to come with him.It happened in the evening. when i was in rickshaw boys were passing comments and trying to touch me. i along with my friend was heading towards GtB metro station from rajiv chowk, There was a huge crowd and one men was trying to touch my posterior part of my body.